"OrdIndex"	"Title"	"Description"	"Location"	"Type"	"Salary"	"lon"	"lat"
"1"	1	"Dementia Friendly Communities Officer"	"   Office location: Flexible within Yorkshire and Humber  Alzheimer's Society is the UK's leading dementia charity. We provide information and support, improve care, fund research, and create lasting change for people affected by dementia.  About the role  We are inspiring millions of people to make big and small changes in their communities, with the aim of making the country more dementia-friendly. There are over 100 active Dementia friendly Communities across England, and you can help us grow that number.  About you  Do you have a knack for getting people behind a campaign? Are you an excellent communicator? Do you believe that it is possible to change the world by mobilising communities? So do we!  If you are highly organised, with great interpersonal skills, able to travel across Yorkshire and Humberside, we want you! You will help build Dementia Friendly Communities across Yorkshire and Humberside, mobilising organisations and individuals. You will be committed to putting people affected by dementia at the heart of everything we do, and you will implement creative ways to make sure their views are heard by any community working towards becoming dementia-friendly.  You will be speaking to people at all levels across your area so great influencing skills are essential. You must also have the ability to manage several tasks at once and keep yourself motivated to perform under pressure.  This is a role in which the results of your hard work will be tangible: you will see communities in which people affected by dementia are included without fear or prejudice. There is great work being done already, but you will be the one to ensure everyone in your area has access to the latest tools and resources to make the Yorkshire and Humberside more dementia-friendly.  Our employees work hard every day to make a true difference in people's lives. We are proud to support them with a range of benefits, recognition and many options for working agilely. All contributing to a strong work life balance. We also have various learning programmes to support you in your development and help you grow to realise your potential and shape a career with Alzheimer's Society.   "	"North East"	"Permanent"	"£28,283 a year"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"2"	2	"Healthcare Assistant"	"Cygnet Health Care was established in 1988. Since then we have developed a wide range of services for individuals with mental health needs and learning disabilities within the UK. We have built a reputation for delivering pioneering services and outstanding outcomes for the people in our care.  Our expert and highly dedicated care team of 8800 employees empower 3000 individuals across 140 services to consistently make a positive difference to their lives, through service-user focused care and rehabilitation.  We maintain a good relationship with our quality regulators and undergo regular inspections, with 85% of our services rated ‘Good’ or ‘Outstanding’. We also operate an internal system of quality care, treatment and positive outcomes.  If you want to make a difference and ensure people can achieve their goals and get the most out of life, then please read on...  In this role your main focus would be to provide safe, sound and supportive care to the people you support. You will have working relationships with the nursing and multi-disciplinary teams, and will play an important role in the lives of the people you support, as well as their families or loved ones. As a key member of the support team, you may be required to contribute to service user multi-disciplinary meetings.  The support and care you provide will be respectful, dignified and caring, following each individual's person-centred care plan to promote choice and independence.  So what qualifications and attributes do you need?  We welcome all applicants that feel they would be able to make a positive difference to people's lives  You would need to be compassionate, understanding and trustworthy  Health and Social Care QCF or SVQ would be beneficial  Previous experience would be beneficial, but not essential  If this sounds like you, we would love to welcome you to the team. Some of the benefits of this role include: 28 days annual leave  Length of service awards  Fully paid comprehensive induction training for all new starters  Paid DBS/PVG  Free parking  Courtesy meals and refreshments whilst on shift  Shopping and entertainment discount scheme (over 800 retailers)  Cycle to Work scheme  Childcare vouchers  Training and development opportunities  If interested in applying, please forward your cv to amywatson@cygnethealth.co.uk  All successful applicants will be required to become a member of the Protecting Vulnerable Groups Scheme (PVG) in respect of regulated work with protected adults and regulated work with children. A PVG certificate contains all unspent and certain spent conviction information. It also contains any other non-conviction information that the police or other  government bodies think is relevant. Disclosure Scotland continually monitor PVG scheme members' records for vetting information including criminal convictions that may affect their suitability to work with vulnerable groups."	"Hexham"	NA	"£8.50 - £8.70 an hour"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"3"	3	"Accounts Assistant"	" Due to business expansion and development a role has become available within our Accounts Department for an Accounts Assistant. Although general accounts experience is required as this is an all round role, this vacancy is focussed heavily on sales ledger and credit control. The role could also include payroll and cashflow responsibilities. Required: Previous experience within an Accounts department Good attention to detail Excellent communication skills and a co-operative approach Confidence dealing with both internal and external customers Able to prioritise own workload SAP experience would be a distinct advantage. If you are interested in this vacancy and would like to be considered, please apply as soon as possible. Candidates with short notice are preferable as we are looking to carry out interviews and recruit within the next few weeks. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00 /year Experience: Accounting: 2 years (Preferred)"	"Prudhoe"	NA	"£18,000 a year"	-1.8556112	54.9597895
"4"	4	"Consumer Research Telephone Interviewer"	" Job Description We have PART TIME vacancies (EVENING AND WEEKENDS) available for telephone interviewers based in Heaton, Newcastle. The role involves conducting research interviews via telephone; you will be reading from a script, speaking to members of the public and entering a respondent’s answers onto a computer system. We have part time roles available: Monday to Friday 5.30pm -9pm Saturday and Sunday 10am - 6pm This is a great opportunity for someone who wants the flexibility to pick and choose their own hours per week with good rates of pay that can work around other commitments. Person Specification - Excellent command of the English language both written and verbal - Polite and friendly approach combined with excellent listening skills - Articulate and positive - Confident speaking to the general public - Reliable and flexible 16 – 20 yrs. Basic rate £6.15 + achievable hourly bonus increases hourly rate to £8.62 including holiday pay at 12% 21+ yrs. Basic rate £7.70 + achievable hourly bonus increases hourly rate to £9:41 including holiday pay at 12% 25+ yrs. Basic rate £8.21 + achievable hourly bonus increases hourly rate to £9:41 including holiday pay at 12% There are excellent transport links, as we are based in Heaton, less than 10 minutes from Newcastle City Centre. Job Type: Part-time Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£9 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"5"	5	"Warehouse Operative"	" MGS was established in 1988 and manufactures and supplies specialist quality products for use in a wide range of civil, environmental, and geotechnical engineering applications. The company employs over 70 people and operates across three locations in the UK, one site in Germany, and with its sister company Geosense. We are looking for an enthusiastic, hard-working individual to fill a permanent position in the warehouse department at our Vaston division in Cramlington. Required/Desired skills & qualities:  Previous experience with counter balance forklift truck required Previous experience as warehouse operative required Computer literate and experience with Microsoft Excel & Outlook highly desirable Positive attitude, proactive, and reliable Working in a small team in the Warehouse department to do the following: Job description:  Pick and pack orders according to customer orders Loading and unloading lorries, usually with a counter balance forklift Maintaining the tidiness of stock Ensuring stock levels are accurate in the stock system Communicating with the sales department Hours: Monday to Friday (8:45am – 5:30pm) Company Benefits:  25 days holiday plus bank holidays Company pension Company shutdown between Christmas and New Year Competitive wages Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: Forklift Operating: 2 years (Required) Warehouse Operative (or similar): 2 years (Required) Location: Cramlington, Northumberland (Preferred)"	"Cramlington"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"6"	6	"Customer Assistant"	"  Working as a Salesfloor Customer Assistant at M&S  Memorable in-store experiences start with our Customer Assistants. They’re the ones who keep customers happy, shelves stocked, tills manned and displays looking beautiful. Join the team and show us what service with a smile really looks like.  About the Customer Assistant role  We’re known for delighting our customers with brilliant service. As the friendly face of our brand in store, you’ll uphold our reputation by helping each customer find exactly what they came in for – that unmistakable M&S experience as well as the perfect product.  You could find yourself talking food or fashion, lingerie or luggage, shoes, boots or beyond. In some roles, you'll specialise; fine-tuning your knowledge and honing your expertise in a particular area. Over time you will find yourself working across the store experiencing everything M&S has to offer and developing your skills and experience. Wherever you join us, the important thing is helping customers find and fall in love with our products.  You'll also be using your product knowledge to help customers decide what's right for them - something that we'll help you with when you join us, thanks to our PACE plan. You’ll learn about Presentation, Availability, Commerciality and Experience, as well as receive the tools and support you need to make a big success of your role - whether out on the shop floor or connecting with customers on the tills.  You could take them beyond the store too. We've rolled out an inspiring interactive shopping experience across two thirds of our stores now. So guiding our customers through our multi-channel offer will be down to you.  About you  Being a Customer Assistant is about being approachable, knowledgeable and helpful. You’ll need the energy and positive outlook to be at your best while on your feet all day, helping customers get the very most from their M&S experience. You will be flexible, in the work you do and the hours you work, to help give our customers the best experience we can.  Above all though, it’ll be your personal attention that customers will remember when they talk to you – so bring along bagfuls of friendly enthusiasm and you won’t go far wrong.   "	"Cramlington"	"Temporary"	"£8.50 - £10.60 an hour"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"7"	7	"Hands on History Crew - Events Staff"	"As part of English Heritage`s summer events programme we are looking for positive and enthusiastic people with a `can do` attitude to form our Hands on History Crew. Alongside a passion for engaging people in our heritage, the role will require successful team members to lead a number of themed activities for family visitors to take part in (including Dressing Up, Role Play and Story Telling) throughout the summer holidays. There will be two members of staff on the Hands on History activities each day they are running and activities will run between 11am - 5pm (site open 10am - 6pm). Training and uniform will be provided and other days of work may be offered alongside contracted minimum hours."	"Ponteland"	"Contract"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.7446032	55.053005
"8"	8	"General Office Administrator"	" Required for a sales and marketing company, based in Ponteland importing full container loads of added value timber products from their own Malaysian Joinery Factory. Customers include the major DIY and builder merchant chains. Computer skills are essential. ECDL or advanced ECDL is required in word, power point, outlook and especially in excel. Duties will include contracts, invoicing, order planning and placement, shipping documents and all other general office administration tasks i.e. filing, copying etc... Must have access to transport due to location, based in Ponteland. Wage is negotiable depending on experience. Hours of work are Monday to Friday 8.45am – 5.30pm (flexible as required) Demonstrate your suitability by emailing your CV and covering letter. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00/£20,000.00 /year depending on experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00 to £20,000.00 /year Experience: General Office: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Ponteland"	NA	"£18,000 - £20,000 a year"	-1.7446032	55.053005
"9"	9	"Trainee Child and Adolescent psychotherapist"	"The successful candidate will join a multi-disciplinary tier 3 team providing mental health care to children, young people and their carers across Northumberland.  The trainee will access clinical training from the Northern School of Child and Adolescent Psychotherapy in Leeds and clinical supervision will be provided locally. The trainee will also undertake personal analysis. Applicants must have successfully completed a PgDip/MA in Psychoanalytic Observational Studies, recognised by the Association of Child and Adolescent Psychotherapists and have secured a provisional place on the clinical training programme at the Northern School of Child and Adolescent Psychotherapy Leeds.  This post is open only to people who have already been formally offered a training place by the Northern School of Child and Adolescent Psychotherapy (NSCAP) on the Clinical Training in Child and Adolescent Psychotherapy and Professional Doctorate in Child Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy. The offer of a place on this training is the first ‘Essential Criteria’ on the Person Specification. Applications without this requirement will not be considered."	"Morpeth "	NA	"£30,401 - £37,267 a year"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"10"	10	"Porter / Driver"	"Advert  Porter / Driver – Staff Bank to cover shifts at Hexham General hospital.  We are looking to recruit 3 friendly, flexible and conscientious Bank Porters to work as and when required within our small portering team at Berwick Infirmary. Main duties will include: The conveyance and movement of patients by wheelchair and stretcher. The movement and handling of waste, laundry and medical gas cylinders in adherence with strict health and safety guidelines. The collection and delivery of linen, refuse, clinical waste trolleys, food trolleys, stores, beds, bedding, furniture, equipment and records to designated areas.  Driving, cleaning, refueling and maintaining records of hospital vehicles and delivery of goods and equipment as required.  Candidate must have a C1 on License if you passed your test before 1997 or a B1 if you passed your test after 1997.  Previous similar experience would be beneficial, although is not essential as full training will be given to the successful candidate.  As the Porters role within Hexham General Hospitals also involves driving, a full clean driving licence is essential.  Uniform will be provided. Closing Date: 21st May 2019"	"Hexham "	"Part-time"	"£17,652 - £19,020 a year"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"11"	11	"Intelligence Officer - JRN: 13040"	"  Salary: £22,617 - £24,759   Based at: Byker    Applications are sought from members of police staff in relation to an opportunity to join the FIB Intelligence Management Team as an Intelligence officer, working from Byker Police Station.   Role:    A basic understanding of intelligence management is required and we are seeking to recruit a hard working team player, who is quick to learn new skills and can understand and identify risk.  You will need to gather, research, evaluate and assess information/intelligence from various sources in order to contribute to the intelligence function.  Develop intelligence in order to achieve operational aims and objectives. Have the ability to prepare, deliver, attend and conduct intelligence briefings, meetings, reports and debriefings, at all levels, in order to contribute to the intelligence process. Disseminate and receive intelligence and share information force wide, to foreign forces and to partner agencies, in accordance with the relevant procedures, in order to inform operational decision makers. Develop a flexible approach to working, undertaking intelligence cell duties and understanding of subjects allocated, in order to be able to support appropriately operational policing. Be prepared to learn new skills and new systems in order to fulfil all aspects of the role of an Intelligence officer. The shift pattern is Monday – Friday 0800 – 1600 and occasional evening and weekend working is required to cover force wide events.    For further information please refer to the role definition: Intelligence Officer Role Definition.docx   Vetting level: Recruitment level (RV). Applicants must be a resident of the UK for a minimum period of 3 years to ensure vetting checks can be successfully performed.    If you have any queries relating to the role, please contact Detective Sergeant 2974 Emma Dunbar by email at emma.dunbar.2974@northumbria.pnn.police.uk. Interviews will be conducted by Detective Inspector 7886 Beecroft.    This vacancy has been advertised to all staff including those with priority status and therefore applications will be considered in the order outlined in the Redeployment Procedure.    Northumbria Police fully supports a policy of equal opportunities and we welcome applications from suitably qualified people from all sections of the community, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation. Appointments are based on merit alone.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£22,617 - £24,759 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"12"	12	"Advice and Information Officer - Tees Valley"	"   Salary  FTE £20,163 per annum pro rota  Package  Permanent 17.5 hours per week - 25 days annual leave pro rata plus bank holidays, Employee Assistance Helpline, Life Assurance. Voluntary Benefits: Group Pension Plan, Cycle to Work Scheme  Job category/type  Welfare & Advice  Job description  About The Royal British Legion  The Legion is at the heart of a national network that supports our Armed Forces community through thick and thin - ensuring their unique contribution is never forgotten. We've been here since 1921 and we'll be here as long as they need us.  Our Values and Behaviours  Does the following describe you?  A desire to provide a great customer service and support  Enjoy and thrive in working in teams and with others Passionate about supporting the Armed Forces community and honouring their contribution  Come to work each day to be the best you can and to learn and develop  An encourager, eager to share your knowledge and experience to help others If so then we would like to hear from you ....  TRBL Shared Values: Click Here  The Role  We're making big changes. We are becoming more accessible, easier to reach and providing a more integrated service for the Service community. The focus for our Area teams will be on getting out into the community, reaching out to those we support through GP surgeries, hospitals, local authority services and charities we work with, making sure we're accessible to many more people in locations across the country.  As a Royal British Legion Advice and Information Officer for the Northern Area, you will work with individuals eligible for Legion assistance to help them access the right support in a timely and seamless way in areas such as finance, employment, health or housing advice or overcoming temporary crises. You will be based in the south of the area and will spend your time providing advice and information about all aspects of the Legion's work to those living in and around Tees Valley and the wider Northern Area   Accustomed to providing advice and information support to customers, you'll have an understanding of statutory welfare provision and experience of building relationships with a range of different agencies. An excellent communicator with an outgoing personality and strong organisational and planning skills, you will also need good IT skills and be confident in supporting our beneficiaries.   It is essential that you have an empathy with the UK armed forces community and some knowledge and understanding of this area would also be an advantage.   There is a requirement for travel across the Northern Area; therefore, a full driving licence and use of a car is desirable for this role with motor mileage being paid.   Closing date for this role is 31st May 2019   "	"North East"	NA	"£20,163 a year"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"13"	13	"Sales Assistant"	"   Where a smile meets a giggle, it's the world's greatest place! Smiggle, the world's hottest stationery brand, was born in Melbourne Australia in 2003 and has now made it to the UK & Ireland!  Word is spreading fast about the original creators of colourful, fashion-forward stationery, and all the goodies that fill a Smiggle store. Smiggle products are bold, quirky, good value - and most of all - FUN!  Part of The Just Group - Smiggle now has over 300 stores across Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong & Malaysia.  Our Smiggle Store in Carlisle is looking for a brand new SUPERSTAR Sales Assistant on a part time basis. 4 or 8 hour part time contracts available with the opportunity to flex-up hours when required. Weekend availability a must!!! Flexibility to work shifts throughout the week desired! If you have a fun, bubbly personality, love interacting with our typical Smiggle fans, thrive in a fast-paced environment and have a passion for FUNky stationery then apply online now!   "	"North East"	"Part-time"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"14"	14	"Customer Service Assistant Level 1"	"We love our customers. They’re just like our Customer Service Assistants – people who want to get on with stuff, get things done and get hands-on too. That’s why they come to our stores for help with all the everyday stuff that makes their world go round. As a Customer Service Assistant, you’ll play a big role in a growing business that’s as ambitious as you are.  Your role as Customer Service Assistant will be all about making sure every customer receives the very best service, every time, at the till or out on the shop floor. Thanks to your warm friendly manner, helpful approach and great product knowledge, customers will keep coming back to us every time they need to tick those to-dos off their list. Taking huge pride in what you do, you’ll make sure that the shop floor looks shipshape, and all of the stock is in the right place and of course, looks its best.  Naturally, we don’t expect you to know Wilko inside and out. Which is why we train and develop our Customer Service Assistants to build the knowledge, confidence and skills they need to be the best and keep our customers smiling. However, you will need a genuine enthusiasm for customer service, the motivation to learn and a real passion for helping people – no matter what they need from us.  We also offer career development opportunities and a great set of benefits.  At Wilko we love nothing more than helping our customers to get stuff done – and supporting our people to grow their skills and career too. With progression opportunities, brilliant training and a great set of benefits, it’s your chance to help shape where our business and your future goes next. So, apply now at wilko.jobs"	"Cramlington "	NA	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"15"	15	"Customer Delivery Driver - Home Shopping"	" Customer Delivery Driver£8.84 Per HourAbout the Role A great customer experience. That's what our drivers are out to deliver. From loading up, fuelling and checking the van for the next route, or giving a customer a call so they know what time their shopping will arrive, everything we do is with our customers in mind. Join our growing delivery team, and you'll be the face of Asda for our home shopping customers. You’re in the driving seat, spending your day greeting our customers and delivering their shopping on-time with lots of Asda personality. When you're not on the road, you'll make sure your van is clean and fit for the next delivery (don't worry, you don’t need to be an expert mechanic – we'll give you all the training you need) and when we're really busy, you’ll be asked to help your in-store team, picking and packing online orders. We’ll work with you on your shifts, but the chances are you’ll have to work some evenings and weekends and we may need to be flexible with your work pattern – there’s something to suit everyone.About You You must have held a full driving licence for at least two years, and be able to drive a 3.5 ton automatic van. You must also have no more than six points on your licence and pass a basic level safeguarding check. When you're on the road, you’ll need to be organised and because you'll be representing Asda, we'll expect you to be an excellent ambassador for the brand. With that in mind, the personal qualities you bring to the role will be every bit as important as your skills and attitude. Friendly and approachable, you'll be the kind of person who'll put our customers first and do whatever it takes to make their home shopping experience the best it can be.Your Benefits Alongside a competitive salary, you’ll get lots of other great benefits too, including 10% off your Asda shopping, the opportunity to become a shareholder as part of our Sharesave scheme, a pension scheme, bonus scheme and discounts across a range of services and activities, from airport parking to theme parks and cinemas. Apply today by completing an online application…"	"Blyth "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5018084	55.1241236
"16"	16	"Warehouse Operative and Packers and Picker"	" £8.25 - £9.00 an hour We need a Warehouse operative and Picker and Packers Warehouse Operative--Person selected will have multiple responsibilities like Accepting deliveries + Checking the deliveries + displaying the products + filling the shelf To make sure the Warehouse is neat and tidy. Picker and Packers--- Person selected will have multiple responsibilities like picking the stock filling the shelf and packing the orders Person should be good in counting and should have basic knowledge of English and Maths Person should be young energetic and who have a ambition to grow within the company Past experience is not required. Please do mention your date of birth in Your C.V We are based in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear. Appointed candidate will need to start as soon as possible. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.25 to £9.00 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear(Preferred) please attach cv when apply Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Experience: customer service: 1 year (Preferred)Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.25 - £9.00 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"17"	17	"Receptionist Team Member - Part Time - 32 hours per week"	"Travelodge is expanding fast and we now have over 550 hotels. We pride ourselves in giving all of our customers unbeatable value and a quality experience. By joining us as a Reception Team Member, you will be a big part of making this happen. Your job will be to check in and provide a warm welcome to our customers.  At Travelodge we are passionate about supporting your development. All our Reception Team Members have the opportunity to apply to our management training program after being with the company for three months. A large number of our current Hotel Managers, and even District Managers, started their careers as team members. As a Reception Team Membe r you will also enjoy:50% discount on rooms plus food and drink Discounts for friends and family with thousands of rooms at £14.99 £50 voucher on each work anniversary Discounts off many high street retailer and mobile phone providers Typical shifts are 7am to 3pm or 3pm to 11pm Pension scheme totalling 8% (employer contribution 3%)  At Travelodge, we value your attitude and character as much as your experience. The behaviours that are most important to us are Care About People , Attention to Detail and Drive for Results. We respect the contribution made by every employee and always try to recognise those who go ‘above and beyond’.  If you feel you would enjoy a Reception Team Member role then please click ‘apply’ now. We’d love to hear from you."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"18"	18	"General Sales Assistant"	" Why Matalan Working at Matalan is exciting, challenging, and fast paced! Our vision is to be the most trusted retailer of family value and we take this pretty seriously. We’re one big family here at Matalan and as part of that family you can expect some great benefits and opportunities to develop your career, including: 20% Staff discount Our Family Extras Scheme - An exclusive discount website, which you as a valued member of our Matalan Family, can access and save money at hundreds of retailers across the country Pension Scheme Access to our ‘Your Voice’ forum allowing you to share your views and ideas We are fully committed to creating a learning culture in all our stores so from day one you’ll get a great induction, access to our ‘Me Learning’ online platform and ongoing support and development to help you grow within your role About The Role As a Sales Assistant we want you to deliver an easy, efficient and reliable service, our customers are at the heart of everything we do and you’ll play a key role in demonstrating this to them. You will be involved day to day in achieving our sales whilst living our Matalan Values So if you’re looking to join a high performing, energetic and adaptable team and want to have some fun along the way, a Sales Assistant role with Matalan could be just what you are looking for! About Matalan To be part of our team, we’d like you to.... Be hard working, committed and loyal Be a confident communicator that enjoys working with customers Self motivated, know how to keep yourself engaged and speak out if you can suggest improvements in store Be flexible, supportive and always willing to go the extra mile This is your opportunity to be part of something new and exciting at Matalan and to grow your career with one of the UK’s leading Retailers. This is Retail Made Real. In the event that a high volume of suitable applications are received, the post may close prior to the specified closing date. Please apply as soon as possible if interested. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"19"	19	"Store Assistant"	" Store Assistant – Days£8.84 Per HourAbout the Role There’s a role for everyone in retail - from serving our customers, perfecting pizzas, unpacking deliveries or filling shelves. Wherever you are, we put our customers first with excellent service, welcoming stores and ‘extra special’ products – we work as a team to maximise sales and deliver a great shopping trip. We’ll help you to become a star colleague from learning about food safety to making sure our customers are served with a smile. If you’re looking for flexible working or a chance to develop in retail, this could be the role for you! We’ll work with you on your shifts, but the chances are you’ll have to work some evenings and weekends and we may need to be flexible with your work pattern – there’s something to suit everyone.About You You’ll be naturally friendly and want to get stuck in, working with your team to deliver great results. You’ll have an enthusiastic approach to learning new skills across different departments. You care about giving customers a great shopping experience, helping them find what they need and having a chat along the way.Your Benefits Alongside a competitive salary, you’ll get lots of other great benefits too, including 10% off your Asda shopping, incentive schemes, the opportunity to become a shareholder as part of our Sharesave scheme, a pension scheme, bonus scheme and discounts across a range of services and activities, from airport parking to theme parks and cinemas. Apply today by completing an online application…"	"Seaham "	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.3355612	54.8372106
"20"	20	"Picker/Packer Warehouse"	" Temporary £8.21 an hour Based centrally in Newcastle upon Tyne, my client urgently requires a Warehouse Operative to pick, pack and dispatch goods. The working hours are 8am to 5pm from Monday to Friday with occasional overtime on Saturday. The successful candidate will be numerate, literate, have basic computer skills and previous order picking experience. A reasonable level of physical fitness is involved as there will be prolonged standing and some lifting. Working in a clean and well appointed warehouse environment this is an ongoing temporary position with an Immediate start with a rate of pay of £8.21 per hour. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.21 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne(Preferred) please attach cv when apply Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"21"	21	"Warehouse Picker/Packer"	" Warehouse Picker/Packer We are looking for an enthusiastic warehouse picker and packer to join our expanding team. Day to day responsibilities include scan and dispatch, picking and packing, stock taking, speaking with customers via email and helping the warehouse team with other duties as required. Role Summary You will be working 7.30am to 3.30pm, Monday to Friday at our offices in North Shields, Tyne & Wear. Enjoy a fantastic work life balance with a chance to miss the rush hour traffic. Your role is to manage our significant inventory, ensuring that all orders are dispatched on time. In addition, you will be helping the team to administer stock control, planning new orders with our suppliers and maintaining accurate records for the business. You will have the chance to take part in warehouse projects e.g. campaigns and launches. You will be in constant communication with our supplier ensuring stock is shipped quickly and efficiently.  Organisational Skills: You’ll be involved in dispatch - can you help organise a warehouse to make sure that our customers always receive their products efficiently?  IT Knowledge: The ideal candidate will have a knowledge of stock control systems and some experience working in an e-commerce warehouse. It’s not an absolute requirement - but it will help you hit the ground running.  Attention to Detail: Being involved in shipping products and managing new orders from our suppliers, we need a candidate who sticks to every deadline they set. The ideal candidate will work efficiently but accurately, ensuring delivery deadlines are always met.  Intelligence: This position requires ongoing contact and relationship building with some of the biggest companies in the drone industry. You’ll need to work hard to ensure that Heliguy is always fully stocked of key lines and that we keep building strong relationships with our suppliers.  Passion: We want everyone who works here to have a real passion for what we do. Part of the reason that our customers come back to us time and time again is that we display this passion publicly from every area of the business, our warehouse should be no different. Essential Based in North-East UK Excellent communicator Ability to manoeuvre stock by hand Tenacity – to help identify improvements to the workplace Bonus Skills Previous warehouse experience Understanding of Import Tariffs Benefits Staff discount on all our products. Fantastic work life balance Free tea and coffee Opportunity to get involved in flying and using drones 28 days holiday (including bank holidays) Opportunities for career progression and development Social events paid by the company On the job training will be provided Job Offer Competitive Salary Job Type: Full-time Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Permanent Location: North Shields, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"North Shields"	"Part-time, Contract, Permanent"	NA	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"22"	22	"Customer Assistant"	"Job Introduction Tesco will only recruit individuals who have passed the school leavers age. To find out the school leavers age for your country please visit the following link; https://www.gov.uk/know-when-you-can-leave-school  Please note that we can only accept candidates over the age of 18 if the role requires working before 6am or after 10pm or involves working in areas such as the Backdoor, Beers Wines & Spirits, Counters or the Colleague Restaurant.  Should you be successful in your application, your offer will be subject to and conditional upon you providing your bank account details before your agreed start date.  Main Responsibilities Customers are at the heart of everything we do. It takes lots of different people to run a store and this is a job for doers, with plenty of variety. Within one shift you could be guiding a customer to a product, serving on the checkouts, helping to fill shelves, taking a delivery or moving stock around the warehouse.  It’s a committed role, full of everyday challenges, but that’s one of the things that makes it so rewarding.  Whether you are looking for flexibility to suit your lifestyle or the opportunity to progress your career, this can be the role for you.  The Ideal Candidate You’ll be someone with great communication skills and works well in a team, while being ready to roll up your sleeves and do what’s needed to give our customers great service.  We’ll be depending on you, as the face of Tesco, to Serve Britain’s Shoppers a Little Better Everyday:  Get to know your customers, greet them with a smile and serve them with pride Take time to listen, and help out wherever you can Make decisions that are right for our customers Be passionate and knowledgeable about our products and services Always be there, on time and properly presented.  We’re proud to have an inclusive culture at Tesco where everyone is welcome and truly feels able to be themselves. Our aim is to attract and welcome a diverse range applicants from all walks of life to help improve and develop our team every day.  About The Company Our business was built with a simple mission – to be the champion for customers, helping them to enjoy a better quality of life and an easier way of living. This hasn't changed. Customers want great products at great value which they can buy easily and it's our job to deliver this in the right way for them.  Benefits Package  Colleague Discount Card (including a second card for a family member) after 6 months service with 10% off most purchases at Tesco. An annual bonus scheme where you could achieve up to 3.5% of eligible 2017/18 earnings. Childcare Vouchers Share Schemes Deals & Discounts through Tesco including Tesco Mobile & Tesco Bank Deals and Discounts through many other external businesses Sunday and Out of Hours premiums available  For more information, please go to www.tescoplc.com"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"23"	23	"Events Officer"	"Closing Date: 2 June 2019 Based in the Corporate Affairs Directorate, you will work as a member of the Advancement Operations Team. Drawing on your knowledge of event management within a large organisation and understanding of alumni engagement and fundraising, you will deliver a range of alumni and supporter engagement activities. These activities will support the work of the Alumni Engagement and Philanthropy teams. You will have excellent organisational skills and attention to detail, as well as excellent oral and written communication skills and experience of working quickly and accurately to tight deadlines. For further information on this post please contact Chris Ham (Database and Analytics Manager) on 0191 208 5049 or via email chris.ham@ncl.ac.uk This post is fixed term post from 19 July 2019 up to 12 October 2020. Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£21,414 - £22,658 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"24"	24	"Customer Service Advisor"	"  SME Customer Service Advisor (Full Time, Fixed Term – 6 months)  Salary: £20,433 - £25,541  Location: Durham  Job Level: D  Since April 2017, business customers have the ability to switch water and waste water retail suppliers. The retail water and waste water market has changed and this role presents an amazing opportunity to join a fantastic business at such an exciting time for the industry. NWG Business and Anglian Water Business have come together to form a new company called Wave. Looking after the water, waste water gas and electricity needs of over 300,000 businesses across England, Scotland and Wales, Wave is an exciting new venture and is poised to become a major new force in the B2B utilities market.  We‘re looking for Customer Service Advisors to join our existing customer experience team who will develop and maintain effective relationships with our small to medium sized business customers. Our customer experience team is dedicated to providing a high level of service. As a Customer Service Adviser, you will play an essential part in ensuring our customers receive the best possible experience whilst maintaining and even enhancing the company’s reputation for customer service, fairness and transparency. You will respond to all incoming contact from customers through a variety of channels including webchat and social media. You will make outbound contact with customers to resolve enquiries and will ensure customer data is maintained and updated. You will process customer correspondence and handle customer queries in a timely manner.   You will ideally be able to; Demonstrate exemplary verbal and written communication skills Problem solve and deal with difficult customers Build rapport to fully understand the needs of the customer You must have experience in a customer service role and you will be; Customer focused Computer literate and able to learn new systems quickly Polite and professional with a good telephone manner Calm when working under pressure Highly self-motivated and well organised Able to demonstrate initiative and innovation A team player with a ‘can-do’ proactive attitude Positive and results driven NWGB Terms and Conditions apply.   Come and join us…  We welcome applicants who are looking to join a dynamic growing business which cares about its people. We want people to join us who are passionate about providing excellent service and improving our delivery. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package which includes: 24 days holiday, rising to 26 days (plus bank holidays) opportunities to purchase holiday a day off for your birthday, plus a half day for Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve excellent DC pension scheme personal accident insurance healthcare scheme life assurance income protection scheme.  Perkbox membership with its vast range of perks including high street savings, free mobile phone insurance, discounted cinema tickets, travel perks, online workout classes and employee recognition scheme. Please ensure you attach your CV and a covering letter clearly stating why you are suitable for this role. Applications without a covering letter will not be considered.  Closing date: 5pm on 31 May 2019  We will endeavour to respond to all candidates, however if you have not heard from us within 3 weeks of the closing date then please deem your application on this occasion to be unsuccessful.   "	"Durham"	"Contract"	"£20,433 - £25,541 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"25"	25	"Part-Time Pet Care Advisor (Store Colleague) [16 Hours]"	"  Part-Time Pet Care Advisor (Store Colleague) [16 Hours]   This is a fantastic opportunity to come and work for a company voted in the top 10, in the Great Place To Work (Best Large Workplaces) awards 2017 for the second consecutive year, and Number 15 in Europe in 2017! We have over 440 stores and over 300 Groom Rooms and are the UK's number one pet care retailer.   Role Purpose:   You are at the heart of our stores and will ensure our customers have a great experience that sets us apart and drives customer loyalty for our great brands.   Our Pet Care Advisors are critical to the operation of our stores and are responsible for exceeding our customers' expectations on a daily basis; whilst also ensuring the highest standard of pet care, brilliant operational standards and building strong working relationships with both our store team and our customers. You will work alongside our Groom room colleagues, supporting where necessary and in conjunction with the Vet practice in store (if applicable); helping us to achieve our vision of becoming the best pet care business in the world.   *Must be able to commit to working shorter shifts over 4 or 5 days*   Key Accountabilities   Customer Experience  Welcoming every customer into our stores, building a rapport to establish their Pet care requirements and offering a solution (TAILS). Share your skills and knowledge of our products and services with our customers to help them provide the best possible care for their pets. Complete sales correctly and efficiently, personally ensuring that every customer leaves the store with a fantastic service experience. Support the success of the store team; seeking every opportunity to maximise our sales and Key Performance Indicators (KPI's).  Services  Share your knowledge of the additional Pet services available throughout our Group Partners ie Groom Room, Vets for Pets and VIP. Support our goal of sharing and engaging our customers in responsible pet ownership through the delivery of our in store workshops, consultations and local community events.  Working as a Team  Demonstrating our Values and Behaviours is a key element of the role. Be digitally aware and able to actively support our Group brands responsibly via social media. Actively work as part of the team to achieve Area and Store goals in line with our Company strategies.  Store Presentation & Standards  Stock should be fully replenished and displayed in line with our guidelines to maximise availability for our customers at all times; whilst adhering to our Profit Protection principles. Ensure the store is clean, tidy and representative of our current promotional offers to deliver a fantastic service experience to our customers. Adhere to all Health & Safety guidelines to ensure our colleagues, pets and customers are safe at all times.  Pet Routines  Care for our Pets with respect and sensitivity at all times by adhering to our Pet Routine guidelines. Ensure you put the needs of our Pets first, even if it means refusing a sale. Promote responsible Pet ownership with all customers.  Training  Progress through our training programmes to achieve and maintain the skills and knowledge required; enabling you to provide our customers with service that reflects our goal of being the 'Best Pet Care Business in the World'. Build, develop and utilise your personal knowledge of our Pets, products and services in order to engage with our customers effectively on responsible pet ownership.  Experience/Skills Required:  A retail background or a genuine passion for working with customers and exceeding their expectations. A friendly and confidence personality. Excellent verbal communication skills, both on a 1:1 level and group setting. Good written skills The desire and ability to run public workshops and events, passionately engaging with both children and adults in a group setting. The ability to work as part of a team. The ability to use your own initiative and a desire to find an appropriate solution. A genuine desire to improve your knowledge on Pet Care through the successful completion of all relevant training and relevant future updates.  The Benefits;  Competitive rate of pay plus bonus. 28 days paid annual leave (including bank holidays) Birthday Leave - 1 day extra leave to celebrate your Birthday! An extra days holiday when you become a new pet parent (Dog/Cat/Horse) An extra days holiday when you move home Half a day holiday for your little one's first day at school Pension Scheme Colleague Discount - 20% discount for you (plus one family member). This can be used in Pets at Home stores, Groom Rooms, Companion Care Veterinary Services and Pet Plan Insurance! Life Assurance Enhanced maternity, paternity, adoption and shared parental leave Caring4Colleagues (grants, savings and loans) Celebrating Special Occasions? You'll get 1 extra week off and a gift to celebrate your wedding or civil partnership, and a gift from us if you are expecting or adopting a baby! Team reward vouchers \"Treats\" benefits - an online range of offers and discounts which are available exclusively to Pets at Home Colleagues. Charity Leave - You are entitled to have one paid days leave each year to work for your favourite animal related charity. Values Awards Colleague of the Month Awards Cycle to Work Scheme  Please note that we reserve the right to close the vacancy prior to the application deadline/closing date once a sufficient number of applications have been received.   "	"Washington "	"Part-time"	NA	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"26"	26	NA	""	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"27"	27	"Sales Adviser"	"Why Superdrug?  Passionate about beauty and health? Love talking to customers? If you're ready to roll up your sleeves and get stuck in, you'll have a great time at Superdrug working as a Sales Adviser. Working in one of our stores is fun and no two days are the same. Hard work, yes, but rewarding too, with great benefits and opportunities to progress. A Sales Adviser role is just the start!  We're a team that puts our customers and our teams at the heart of everything we do. At Superdrug, we aim to be the best in accessible health & beauty, loved by our customers for value, choice, friendly advice, service and fun.  Our success comes from our people - they make the difference. We're all about personality, we have fun,and we work hard to deliver That Superdrug feeling!  Here's the exciting bit...a great day includes  In our Sales Advisers, we look for a positive mindset, people who can support their team to get things done and enjoy getting involved.  Your role at Superdrug as one of our Sales Advisers will be all about serving customers mostly at the till point where you will deliver excellent service and make sure customers don't miss out on any of our great Star Buys. You'll help ensure that the store is well stocked and a high level of store presentation is maintained and will be actively be involved in achieving the store targets.  It is a great experience that will prepare you for even bigger challenges. Superdrug Sales Advisers are extremely important to us, we recognise that you are our future Team Leaders. We will actively develop your skills and offer real career progression supported by our excellent in-house training and Apprenticeship qualifications.  What you'll need to succeed Confident and clear communication skills Passionate about retail and customer service Desire to learn and improve your knowledge/skills Flexible in working hours and adaptable to change Success in this role will enable you to take your next step with us, as we have a strong desire to promote from within and reward the highest achievers.  Here's how you are rewarded Up to 28 days holiday Up to 30% discount for you and a nominated friend or family member Excellent training Great sales incentives Hours: 8 hours per week Salary: £6.20 - £8.21 per hour  Come and be part of something special!"	"Tyne and Wear"	NA	"£6.20 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.566667	54.916667
"28"	28	"Cashier"	"Due to continued growth we are currently recruiting for a Cashier.  The Cashier will provide an essential public interface for this operation. Individuals employed in this role will be able to communicate with the general public in a helpful and informative manner, as well as being able to carry out the tasks required accurately and efficiently.  Key elements of the role;  To liaise with members of the public and give advice regarding the clamp and removal procedures in a courteous manner ensuring that our customer care policy is adhered to at all times To advise the public on payment methods and other issues regarding enforcement action taken on their vehicle To assist in giving our customer (DVLA) a full and comprehensive service according to laid down procedures Production and storage of all documentation required to operate the pound. Inform Enforcement officers or Recovery drivers of any release details or any vehicles to be impounded. Ensure all vehicle impounded are logged with the Police, and all payment and release procedures are followed. Will be required to compile reports, daily logs and operate the ICPS system. Administration of the day to day routines of the pound, including dispatch control, cash handling and reconciliation and reporting procedures. Must be flexible in their attitude to working hours, locations and must be prepared to take on other roles, temporarily, as required by the operation. Be presentable and show high levels of personal integrity and honest Assists the clamp & removal teams through contact with DVLA, Police and Councils To carry out the duties of the role with regard to company policies and H&S procedures  The ideal candidate will have;  The ability to communicate with customers, often in demanding circumstances Previous experience in a customer service environment Strong communication skills with good written and spoken English PC Literate Experience of using a Cash receipting system  You will be required to work 42.5 hours per week. Monday to Sunday (including Bank Holidays). Flexibility for the role is essential.  In return for your hard work;  20 weeks annual leave per annum Pension scheme Free uniform Award scheme Discount scheme Training & development Employee Consultative Committee to represent the voice of colleagues  Interested? Apply now!"	"Gateshead "	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"29"	29	"Motor Vehicle Apprentice"	" Work duties to include, but not limited to: Servicing Repairs Tyres Brakes Batteries Exhausts Clutches & timing belts (when ready) Requirements and prospects Desired skills Previous experience of cars/tools would be beneficial Personal qualities You must be: Eager Enthusiastic Able to follow instructions Punctual Good work ethic Desired qualifications A relevant Level 2 qualification would be beneficial Future prospects To remain with the company after the apprenticeship is complete Things to consider For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"30"	30	"Sales Advisor"	"  Seasalt is growing and we are looking for a part time Sales Advisor to join our Morpeth team on a permanent basis on a 12 hour contract!   We are looking for someone who is a people person, who enjoys being busy and making a different and must also enjoy a fast paced environment.  Please note you will be required to be fully flexible over weekdays and weekends, including Sundays.  If you are as passionate about our beautiful collections as we are and have the ability to provide a first class customer service experience then this is the job for you.  Key responsibilities Support the store management team to drive sales, achieve KPI targets and execute store operations to the highest standards. Deliver high and consistent levels of customer service. Act as a brand ambassador and role model, promoting Seasalt key values and behaviours. Support the shop management team in creating a culture that ensures the customer is at the centre of everything we do. What we're looking for  You’ll have the ability to deliver exceptional customer service and have a passion for selling. You will need to be flexible with regards to working hours, be highly motivated and have strong communication skills.  Would you love to join us?  At Seasalt we offer our employees a creative, innovative and friendly environment to work in! We also offer a great range of rewards & benefits and the opportunity to develop and grow your career. These include; Uniform allowance Generous Seasalt discount Employer contributory pension Seasalt Lifestyle – exclusive employee discounts and offers Life assurance Long service enhanced benefits Learning and Development opportunities Remote medical support Partnerships with local wellbeing centre 1 paid volunteering day per year Free eye test vouchers Quarterly employee incentives   "	"Morpeth"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.686301	55.1717715
"31"	31	"Enforcement Officer (Field Based)"	"Capita is the UK's leading outsourcing company. We support and transform our client's business operations to create better outcomes. Position: Enforcement Officer Location: Hull Job Type: Full Time, Permanent Hours: 37.5 hours, Flexible Shift Pattern Salary: £21,216 basic salary plus commission (annual average is £6,144 but earning potential is uncapped) Business mileage allowance: 45p Benefits: include 23 days holiday, pension, share save scheme, childcare vouchers, dental plan, discounted insurance About the Role: As a Field Based Enforcement Officer for TV Licensing, your role will be to visit addresses that don’t have a valid TV Licence. You will explain the legislation, help the customer understand our payment options and where necessary conduct an interview under caution. About You: We are looking for a confident person who is firm but fair, treating all customers with empathy and understanding. You will be able to deal assertively with conflict and have the ability to quickly build a rapport using your negotiation, persuasion and influencing skills. You will have excellent customer service skills and be very results driven. If you enjoy working outdoors and are looking for a role that offers job security and gives you a level of flexible working then this could be the perfect job for you.  Please note you must have a full driving licence and use your own car for this role. You may have experience of the following: Customer Service Agent, Customer Service Advisor, Customer Service Officer, Customer Service Assistant, Call Centre Executive, Traffic Warden, Fundraiser, Telesales, Customer Complaints, Field Sales, Administrator, Customer Services Executive, Steward, Sales Executive, Debt Enforcement Officer, Debt Recovery, Postman, Debt Collector, Taxi Driver, Police Officer, Security Officer, Prison Officer, Milkman etc."	"North East"	NA	"£20,000 - £26,000 a year"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"32"	32	"Occuaptional health advisor"	"  Salary:up to £45k + car/car allowance Location:North East  Due to our continued success we are expanding our Occupational Health team and looking for self-motivated, professional and confident Occupational Health Advisor/Nurses. The ideal candidate will combine the highest clinical skills with a go getter attitude ensuring we deliver the best services.  The role is part of the occupational health (OH) team which is responsible for the efficient delivery of occupational health services to all new and existing clients.  Key responsibilities:  Remote case management  Carrying out fit to work medicals  Undertaking health surveillance  Health promotion  Administering vaccination programmes  Promoting the health and wellbeing of internal and external employees  Delivering health and wellbeing training courses  Education, experience and knowledge:  Current registered nurse  Occupational Health qualification, recorded on part 3 of the Nursing and Midwifery Council register (Ideal but not essential)  HAV’s Tier 3 qualified ( or be willing to undertake the training)  Excellent communication skills  Confidence  To be considered for this position please submit a copy of your CV and a member of our team will be in touch. "	"North East"	NA	"£45,000 a year"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"33"	33	"Passenger Transport Assistants"	" We are recruiting Passenger Transport Assistants to travel alongside young people on their journey to and from school. Your prime concern will be the prompt, safe and efficient transport of service users between home and school on a regular schedule, typically mornings and afternoons. We have positions available throughout Northumberland, North Tyneside, Newcastle and County Durham. Established Duties and Responsibilities Liaising with the School Contracts department at Phoenix and, on occasion, the Local Authority Meeting and greeting your service users and their parents/carers Assisting all service users on and off the transport Ensuring all passengers adhere to Health & Safety guidelines Where necessary, riding on the tail lift of the transport with your service users Recording and reporting all issues, problems and feedback on your specified route Where applicable, ensuring the safe transportation of medication Recording and reporting any issues relating to any of the equipment necessary for the safe transportation of the service users Reporting all accidents to management at Phoenix Ensuring your own health, hygiene and appearance are kept to maximum standard requirements You must be at least 18 years of age to apply for the Passenger Transport Assistant vacancy. You must prioritise health, hygiene and safety throughout your vacancy. Must be readily available for short notice work and be prepared to cover at short notice. Phoenix require 100% commitment for this role to ensure you can provide and practise a high standard of service. Please note that throughout your role as a Passenger Transport Assistant you may be required to transport wheelchair users to and from the vehicle, perform manual handling of the wheelchair, and adhere to Health & Safety. You will also be required to climb steps/stairs, ride on the tail lift, and, where necessary, secure wheelchairs. Job Type: Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"34"	34	"Team Member"	"   Join the family   We believe in growing together – as a united team and working towards the achievement of our vision which is to be a winning brand in the food-on-the-go market. Greggs is a much loved and trusted brand with a strong traditional bakery heritage. Our people are what makes our business successful. We aim to provide our people with a great place to work, where they feel valued by listening, developing and rewarding them.  Pay Rates   Age 16-17 Starter Rate: £6.90 Age 16-17 Full Rate: £7.12 Age 18+ Starter Rate: £8.21 Age 18+ Full Rate: £8.38  Shift Pattern and Contracted Hours   Hours: 16 Shifts: Michelle is looking for a team member for busy Kingston Park shop, full training giving & opportunity for progression, come and join our family shift patterns are typically 5.30am - 11.30am, 9.30am - 1.30pm, 1.30pm - 8.30pm, these can be discussed at interview Contract: Permanent  Job Description   Greggs Team Members are the face and voice of our organisation, engaging with our customers and offering a fantastic shopping experience no matter what time of day. Join our family and you’ll be part of a team that loves to put the customer first in all that we do. This means a passion for delivering fast and friendly service, pride in preparing our much loved products and keeping the shop clean and tidy; of course they’ll be time for some fun along the way. You’ll fit right into the Greggs family if you’re not afraid of hard work and commitment. Some customer service experience always comes in handy although not essential.  Skills   To be able to: Deliver a fast and friendly service to every customer consistently Work as part of a team focused on delivering a fast and friendly customer experience Achieve consistently high standards to meet customers’ expectations Deliver relevant added-value to customers to increase sales Support profit protection through effective cost control  Benefits   Our Greggs Employee Staff Discount Scheme is very generous, offering you up to 50% off our foodYour holiday entitlement starts with 21 days, in addition to bank holidays, which increases with service up to a maximum of 30 days after 25 years’ service. (Pro-rata for part time)After 6 months service you may be eligible for our profit share scheme where the company distributes 10% of its profits and allows you to share in the success of the businessYou will receive free life assurance after 1 years continuous service. This is a death in service benefit which provides a lump sum payment equal to one years’ salaryYou will automatically join our Greggs pension scheme which is a fantastic way to save for your retirement and allows you to benefit from employer contributions and tax advantagesOther benefits include:Share Save and Share Incentive Schemes Employee Assistance Programme Healthcare Plans Cycle to Work Scheme  Your Application   During the application process we'll keep in touch every step of the way. We know how big a decision it is for you to apply for a job. Once you do we'll work hard to keep you up to speed on how your application is progressing. With your help, we can make your application as quick and smooth as possible.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"35"	35	"Content Executive (Copywriter)"	" Glass Digital is a dynamic digital marketing agency looking for someone with a passion for writing and marketing to join our growing team as a Content Executive. We’re looking for enthusiastic, organised and proactive people with problem-solving skills and lots of creative ideas. The Role Content Executives are responsible for researching and writing bespoke content that gets our clients noticed online. As well as liaising with our SEO team on search-optimised copy, you'll collaborate with our outreach specialists on PR opportunities and content marketing campaigns. Working on a variety of content projects with clients across industries, you'll need to be an adaptable writer who can work to a brief. And, as you'll form part of a content team, strong proofreading skills are also essential. You'll work in a relaxed yet hardworking environment at our office in Newcastle upon Tyne, and join a friendly team that frequently gets together for social events. Responsibilities Writing search-optimised content for clients across industries Writing high-quality editorials on a broad range of topics Conducting in-depth research to produce informative pieces of content Using SEO tools to identify the most effective content strategies for clients Proofreading clients' and colleagues' writing Keeping clients up to date with your activity and answering their questions Key Skills and Experience Essential Excellent written English skills Excellent communication skills Excellent research skills Excellent proofreading skills, and willingness to provide constructive feedback Ability to tailor writing to different media, purposes and audiences Ability to work to a brief and meet deadlines Basic data analysis skills Desirable Understanding of SEO best practice Experience in the digital marketing industry Experience in an agency environment Job Type: Full-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"36"	36	"Assets Information Assistant"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Permanent    Working Pattern:  Part time    Advert Start Date:  07/05/2019    Advert End Date:  20/05/2019 23:59    Salary:  Grade 5 £19,554 to £21,589 pro rata    Hours per week:  14.5    Job Category:  Admin / Secretarial / Customer Services    Vacancy ID:  186815    Employment Location:  County Hall, Durham    Post Number:  REAL19-131B    Closing date:  20 May   Further Information An opportunity has arisen for an Assets Information Assistant to work 14.5 hours per week (Thursdays and Fridays). The postholder will be responsible for assisting the Asset Information Officer with the maintenance of the Council's corporate property database and associated asset management information. In fulfilling this role, the post holder will liaise with the Technical Service Officer and Deeds and Terrier Officer to ensure that processes for maintaining the corporate property database CAD portfolio, County Terrier GIS and Terrier Property records are fully integrated, and with buildings users and staff in other Council Departments. Applicants should hold a BTEC National or NVQ Level 3 in Business Administration or equivalent. For further information regarding the post, please contact Lyn Alderson on 03000 267015 or email lyn.alderson@durham.gov.uk Interviews are scheduled to be held on a date to be confirmed. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 268153/264223 or email hrREAL@durham.gov.uk "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£19,554 - £21,589 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"37"	37	"Cashier"	"    At NSL, our vision is to make the UK a safer, fairer and better place to live and work. We help our clients innovate and improve services to deliver better outcomes. Built on trust and respect, we are driven and inspired to deliver as one team, and are proud of what we do. We provide frontline, back office and customer support services to design and manage places used by the public and provide national enforcement expertise at our borders and infrastructure. With over 4,000 colleagues in 250 locations across the UK we serve over 150 clients and 20 million citizens.       Due to continued growth we are currently recruiting for a Cashier.  The Cashier will provide an essential public interface for this operation. Individuals employed in this role will be able to communicate with the general public in a helpful and informative manner, as well as being able to carry out the tasks required accurately and efficiently.  Key elements of the role;  To liaise with members of the public and give advice regarding the clamp and removal procedures in a courteous manner ensuring that our customer care policy is adhered to at all times To advise the public on payment methods and other issues regarding enforcement action taken on their vehicle To assist in giving our customer (DVLA) a full and comprehensive service according to laid down procedures Production and storage of all documentation required to operate the pound. Inform Enforcement officers or Recovery drivers of any release details or any vehicles to be impounded. Ensure all vehicle impounded are logged with the Police, and all payment and release procedures are followed. Will be required to compile reports, daily logs and operate the ICPS system. Administration of the day to day routines of the pound, including dispatch control, cash handling and reconciliation and reporting procedures. Must be flexible in their attitude to working hours, locations and must be prepared to take on other roles, temporarily, as required by the operation. Be presentable and show high levels of personal integrity and honest Assists the clamp & removal teams through contact with DVLA, Police and Councils To carry out the duties of the role with regard to company policies and H&S procedures  The ideal candidate will have;  The ability to communicate with customers, often in demanding circumstances Previous experience in a customer service environment Strong communication skills with good written and spoken English PC Literate Experience of using a Cash receipting system You will be required to work . Monday to Sunday (including Bank Holidays). Flexibility for the role is essential.  In return for your hard work;  20 weeks annual leave per annum Pension scheme Free uniform Award scheme Discount scheme Training & development Employee Consultative Committee to represent the voice of colleagues    "	"Gateshead "	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"38"	38	"Sandwich Artist™"	"Job Introduction A Subway® Sandwich Artist™ is the face of our Franchisees’ stores. As well as preparing and serving delicious Subway® sandwiches you will meet and greet guests and deliver exceptional customer service.  You’ll be the reason customers keep coming back!  Working as a Sandwich Artist™ in a Subway® franchise is a challenging role but one that is highly rewarding. Subway® Franchisees are proud of their hard working staff and are able to offer fantastic career path opportunities to truly develop a career into supervisory and managerial roles.  Main Responsibilities  Food preparation including bread and cookie baking Ensure food storage and preparation areas are maintained according to Health & Safety and Audit standards Comply with Food Code of Practice Till Operator Monitoring stock levels Checking in deliveries Complete daily and weekly cleaning schedules Follow security & safety procedures Maintain a safe working environment for employees and customers Maintain high personal presentation in the provided uniform to meet the Subway® brand and customer expectations Work as a team member Deliver a high standard of service when dealing with products, sales and catering for customer needs.  As a Sandwich Artist™ you will serve and add value to customer needs in an efficient and friendly manner. In this role you will promote Subway® brand awareness and ensure hygiene standards are met.  The Ideal Candidate Previous experience in food preparation, retail sales and/or customer service is desirable but not essential because you will receive full training and undertake various University of Subway® courses. What’s more important is a winning attitude. If you’re currently working in retail or in a restaurant, perhaps you are studying or have recently graduated and are looking to start a career in the food industry. This could be the perfect opportunity for you!  About The Company Please be aware that stores are independent franchises. All applications are sent to the franchise owner or operator.  Package Description With over 44,000 stores, the Subway® brand is the largest sandwich chain in the world. Due to continued growth across the UK our Franchisees are looking to recruit motivated and driven team members to join the Subway® brand."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"39"	39	"Integrity Engineering Intern"	" Role Summary: This position is part of the Global Integrity Engineering Centre of Excellence within the Integrity Services business based at BHGE Process & Pipeline Services in Cramlington which is responsible for undertaking various Pipeline Integrity Assessments of pipeline in-line-inspection (ILI) data and preparation and delivery of resulting technical reportsEssential Responsibilities:Develop knowledge and understanding of pipeline inspection, data analysis and engineering assessments, Develop understanding of industry and in-house software, used to perform engineering assessments, including:  <U+F0A7> Pipeline bending strain assessment <U+F0A7> Pipeline Dent Assessment <U+F0A7> Integrity Assessments <U+F0A7> Other engineering services as requiredSupport both technical projects being undertaken by integrity / senior integrity engineers as well as improvement projects to enable cycle time and cost reduction from current processes, Training will be provided via in-house support (formal and ad-hoc), mentoring and via self-supported learning.  Qualifications/Requirements:Studying towards or completion of a scientific related degree (including mechanical engineering, physics and mathematics) Quality focused Excellent verbal and written communication skills and strong interpersonal skills Good IT skills with sound knowledge of the Microsoft applications Word and Excel Ability to work in and contribute in a team environment  About Us: GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.comLocations: United Kingdom; Cramlington"	"Cramlington"	"Internship"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"40"	40	"Exercise Therapy Assistant"	"Job Advert for Exercise Therapy Assistant Band 3 Number of posts: 1 Job Title: Exercise Therapy Assistant (37.5 hours) Band: 3 Department/Ward: Exercise Therapy Location: Hopewood Park (will be part of In-Patient Care team and may be required to cover other localities) Responsible to: Exercise Therapy Team Manager  ______________________________________________________________  An exciting opportunity has arisen within our Exercise Therapy. The team provide exercise as a therapeutic intervention for physical and mental health, providing exercise to meet the needs of the service user. The role involves working within an inpatient mental health unit, working with service users with a wide range of mental health conditions. The post involves developing therapeutic relationships with service users to promote engagement, provide support, motivation and encouragement.  The purpose of the role is to assist the exercise therapists to provide a range of exercise groups as part of a weekly timetable both in the hospital and in the local community. To support and encourage service users to attend as agreed in their care plan and relay any concerns to the exercise therapist. To support the exercise therapist to address physical health concerns of our service users.  The post holder will be responsible for ensuring the safety of service users whilst exercising by ensuring correct and safe exercise techniques whilst in the gym and exercise groups. The exercise therapy assistant will work closely with the exercise therapist to support the service user to achieve their individual goals.  The role entails daily documentation in electronic medical notes.  The role involves facilitating exercise groups.  The role involves routine domestic duties and daily tasks.  The role involves supporting, encouraging and motivating service users to engage.  You will work as part of a multi disciplinary team and liaise with ward staff and other professionals in relation to service users attending the department.  Please only apply if you meet the essential criteria in the person specification and Job Description. Interview date: 19thJune 2019  ______________________________________________________________"	"Sunderland "	NA	"£18,813 - £20,795 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"41"	41	"Stockroom Assistant"	" About Us When it comes to retail, we are leaders in the sector. We have over 700 stores all over the UK with ongoing expansion plans. Our furniture and electrical stores are a firm fixture on UK high streets, visited by over 30 million customers each year. With profits of nearly £30m annually, we’re not just one of the UK’s leading charity retailers but one of the UK leading retailers, full stop. A career with us will allow your entrepreneurial spirit to flourish. What’s more, you’ll have a job that makes a difference as every day, your time, energy and skills are helping fund life- saving research.About the role  Our Stockroom Assistants work collaboratively with the store team and volunteers to ensure the efficient running of the store and the warehouse.  It is a fun, fast paced environment where everyone works as a team. You will be responsible for handling and moving the deliveries of furniture and appliances that are coming in to the store from the vans. You will ensure that all products meet the company’s quality standards. It`s hard work, with lots of heavy lifting, but no two days are the same, and you`ll find it really rewarding helping to beat heart break forever.  You will work with the Stockroom Manager to ensure the shop floor is always well stocked, working in accordance with all safety regulations, promoting safety and wellbeing. You will be given lots of autonomy and will strive to continually build your knowledge of the BHF.  About you You’ll have experience of working in the retail or service sector and will enjoy working in a fast paced environment. Motivated by the knowledge your hard work will make a life-saving difference, you’ll be proactive, driven and customer focused.Why join the BHF? We invest heavily in the development of our management teams because they’re the people behind our success in the sector. So if you want your retail expertise to be about more than profits, we could have the role for you. We value, nurture and reward our talent and are proud to offer a welcoming and supportive working environment. We also offer competitive salaries, sector leading benefits package and a culture that promotes a healthy work life balance with opportunities to progress. This position is for 21 hours and includes weekends.  How to apply  To apply for this role please use the apply button below.  Early application is encouraged as we will review applications throughout the advertising period and reserve the right to close the advert early.  British Heart Foundation recognises and respects the value and diversity of all. "	"Byker"	"Permanent"	"£8.30 an hour"	-1.577939	54.9772008
"42"	42	"Packing Operative"	" Part-Time Roles Available Great opportunity for organised people to join our e-commerce team.We are a family run business based in Wallsend providing cosmetic products to salons and individual consumers all over the UK. Our orders are generated through popular web portals including Amazon and eBay.We have a strong emphasis on delivering high levels of service to our clients and prioritising orders for dispatch on a daily basis (Mon-Fri). We are looking for an individual to pack the items for dispatch and handle the posting process.The successful candidate must possess fast learning skills for basic inventory software and online retail websites, have keen attention to detail, be capable of answering customer emails in a professional, courteous and respectful manner and performing other duties as assigned by management to maximize company profitability and customer satisfaction while protecting company assets. QualificationsE-Commerce experienceCustomer service knowledgePrior retail and/or sales experience preferredExcellent written communication skills to improve online customer satisfactionTo apply for the role please send your CV with a brief summary of why you are suitable for the position. Note:  - Pay is NMW Job Type: Part-time Location: Wallsend NE28 (Preferred)"	"Wallsend "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"43"	43	"Marketing Officer"	"  Overview   Marketing Officer  Permanent  Newcastle  37 hours per week  £23,000 - £27,000 (Depending on experience)  NCFE, one of the UK’s fastest growing, most innovative qualification awarding organisations, is looking for a Marketing Officer.  Please click the following link for further information - Job Description  A bit about the job…   We are looking to recruit a Marketing Officer to work within a fast paced and dynamic marketing team. As the business grows our marketing team is expanding to ensure we continue to deliver an exceptional service to the business and this role will lead on the marketing communication requirements of several of our key product areas.  You’ll be responsible for developing communications, campaigns and promotional materials to our target audiences across the country which will contribute to the objectives of the business plan and to meet sales income targets.  We are looking for an exceptional communicator and relationship builder with strong organisational skills who is able to report on all aspects of a campaign: from publications to events, from email marketing to digital advertising. This is an exciting and varied role, ideal for someone with 2-3 years’ experience who is ready for their next challenge.  Skills and experience  Degree level qualification in a marketing or communications related subject and/or Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) qualification or similar  Currently working in a comparable marketing delivery role  Experience in coordination of multi-channel marketing activity  Experience of working with creative, digital and print agencies  Experience in coordinating exhibition and conference attendance  Excellent written and oral communication skills, including exceptional grammar and spelling  Demonstrable word processing, data entry, spreadsheet and email skills  Ability to work under pressure and manage several projects simultaneously  Attention to detail and ability to work accurately   A bit about us…   NCFE is a national Awarding Organisation, passionate about designing, developing and certificating diverse, nationally recognised qualifications and awards. These qualifications contribute to the success of millions of learners at all levels, bringing them closer to fulfilling their personal goals.  Why NCFE?   We’re the 3rd largest awarding body in the country and growing!  Working for us means lots of opportunities to be involved in interesting projects, working with passionate people.  We offer a generous pension entitlement, flexi-time scheme and a healthcare plan to help keep employees happy and healthy.  We place learning and development at the heart of our culture and have a comprehensive blended learning and development programme to support all colleagues.  Festive Cheer – an additional 3 days off at Christmas.  Interested? Here’s what you need to know…   If you think you have the skills to become a Marketing Officer at NCFE, we’d love to hear from you!  Apply online directly through our website with your current CV detailing the skills and relevant work experience which makes you suitable for the role.  Previous applications need not apply   The closing date for this vacancy will be 27th May 2019.   Interviews will be held on 3rd and 4th June 2019.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£23,000 - £27,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"44"	44	"Head of Business Innovation and Customer Experience"	"The Head of Business Innovation & Customer Experience is a key member of the Directorate Leadership Team. The post will have responsibility for leading, overseeing and driving the delivery of NHSBSA Business Innovation Lab, the Customer Experience Strategy and framework as well as supporting both internal and external programmes of work. Benefits identification and performance reporting on these activities to the Board and Leadership Team on is also a key part of the role. The Head of Business Innovation and Customer Experience will role model and actively participate in achieving the NHSBSA purpose and goals and wider system imperatives through the development and of an organisational and directorate culture that is open and empowers innovation and champions on-going service development and performance improvement.  This role will ensure that the NHSBSA remains alert to market innovation, client, commissioner and customer experience changes which in turn inform the business and strategy so that the NHSBSA remains competitive, identifies market change and positions the NHSBSA for future business successes within the wider system.  Deputises for the Executive Director of Strategy, Performance, Business Development and Growth as required."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£61,777 - £72,597 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"45"	45	"Newly Qualified Opportunities - S…"	" About Boots We are the UK’s leading pharmacy-led health and beauty retailer. With over 2500 stores in the UK, our purpose is to help our customers look and feel better than they thought possible. For over 165 years, we have used our expertise to help improve the health and wellbeing of local communities. Boots UK is part of the Retail Pharmacy International Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance.What’s in it for you? Pharmacists are at the heart of our business and have been since we opened our first pharmacy 170 years ago. We know how important it is to reward the great work they do. You’ll start your Pharmacist journey with our market leading Foundation Programme. Our RPS accredited Foundation Programme supports you through your first 1000 days of practice with off job study days and practice based assessments allowing you to reflect on and develop your pharmacy practice with the support of one of our Healthcare Academy Trainers acting as your tutor. We also have a range of benefits that go beyond salary and offer flexibility to suit individual needs. These include: Competitive base salary  Market leading pension contributions  Annual performance based bonus  33 days including bank holidays with the option to buy more  Bespoke location benefits that could include relocation support, location allowance, location honorarium (dependent on location)  Enhanced maternity pay  Boots staff discount  GPHC fees paid  Contribution towards RPS fees  Access to our benefits platform such as cycle to work, child care vouchers, additional holiday purchase, gym discount, dental insurance, life insurance, critical illness insurance to name a few!  Responsibilities: As a Newly Qualified Relief Pharmacist with us, it goes without saying you will be providing excellent customer and patient care that will be inspiring and reassuring. It’s more than just dispensing medicine, it’s looking after our customers and patients, listening to them and giving expert advice. Key responsibilities include: You will work within a variety of stores, over multiple locations, ensuring expert care and service is delivered at all times, with an adaptable and proactive mind-set  Working in partnership with the healthcare team using your own intuition, expertise and experience to deliver complete care solutions for our customers and patients  Setting the standard of what a brilliant pharmacy ‘looks and feels like’ from an operational perspective by working in partnership with your pharmacy technician  Delivering the pharmacy strategy through care conversations with customers and patients providing expert advice throughout  Accountable for professional pharmacy legal & ethical decisions in the pharmacy  Actively supporting the development, education & training of colleagues; building pharmacy capability of store teams  Conducting regular reviews, audits and risk assessments to protect patient and public safety  Work to deliver world class professional services – personally and through the pharmacy team Our ideal candidate To be successful in this role you will have a professional, caring character and true desire to help others feel good. In addition you will: Demonstrate high levels of professional expertise and be widely respected by stakeholders, peers, customers/patients and external local professionals  Be commercially astute, understand the growth and development of the healthcare industry  Role model first class communication skills, where you will hold excellent face to face interactions with all types of customers and patients  Thrive in a team centred approach with strong collaborative working  Have a passion for keeping up to date with your own learning and development, completing all Pharmacist mandatory and directed training  Be digitally savvy and comfortable with navigating and embracing new technology To be considered for this role:  You will need to be currently completing your pharmacy pre-registration training within the UK  All offers will be conditional to you passing your GPhC registration exam  "	"North East"	"Permanent"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"46"	46	"START Support Workers"	" START (Short Term Assessment and Reablement Team) is a team of skilled and professional staff working to promote independence and reablement for people in their own homes. This post supports the corporate aim of wellbeing, care and health through its responsibility for providing quality care to people in their own homes. The post holder will act as the point of contact with members of the public, officers at all levels within the district/specialist team and other professionals. The style of work varies according to the assessment of needs and the extent to which it is believed treatment and rehabilitation is possible. Provide general support to the individual as part of a caring teamContribute to the monitoring of individual care needsHelp individual achieve their goals Work closely with other Team members and services as necessary.   For further informatiion please view the attached documents. "	"North East"	"Permanent"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"47"	47	"HR Adviser"	"This is an amazing opportunity for a CIPD qualified (or soon to be qualified) HR generalist or ER professional to advance their career with a nationwide charity that undertakes good work in every corner of the UK.  You’ll have the chance to get involved with a wide range of human resource activities, advancing your knowledge and skills and keeping you challenged and excited by your role.  As an HR Adviser, you’ll be tasked with providing line managers in the North of England and Scotland with first line HR advice and support.  You’ll assist Senior HR Partners with HR issues relating to employee relations, resourcing and performance management processes.  Your duties will also involve: Assisting managers with recruitment processes  Supporting the identification of employee learning needs  Helping with investigations, including those for grievance and disciplinary proceedings  Continuously seeking new and better approaches to providing high quality services  Responding to HR matters reliably and in accordance with organisational and legal requirements   To be considered, you will need: Previous experience of working in an HR generalist role or employee relations experience  Experience of interpreting, advising on and implementing employment law  Knowledge of best practice in recruitment and selection  A CIPD qualification (or working towards this)   Organised and decisive, as an HR Adviser, you will also need excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as the ability to work collaboratively and with initiative.  Experience of using an HR information system, including accessing, inputting and compiling data reports, would be beneficial to your application.  The closing date for this role is the 28th May 2019. To apply for the role of HR Adviser, please apply via the button below.   Apply on line now "	"Gateshead"	NA	"£30,694 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"48"	48	"Assistant Patient Administration Support Officer"	"    County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust is a great place to work. We have a talented workforce of 7,000 colleagues, making us a major employer in the North East region. You would be joining the largest provider of integrated acute and community services across the North East.  We pride ourselves in offering employees a career, not just a job - in an innovative and forward thinking organisation!      The Cardiology and Respiratory Investigations Unit and the Cardiac Day Unit at the University Hospital of North Durham together provide a broad range of diagnostic services for patients of all ages who have heart and lung conditions. Services are provided to both in-patients and outpatients at UHND and Shotley Bridge Community Hospital. We currently deal with an average of 180 patients per day.  We are looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated person to join our team. You will be responsible for the administration of clinics, using both a Patient Administration System (Camis) and a cardiology data management system (PRISM). Duties include managing waiting lists, receiving patients and visitors to the department, managing the computerised appointment systems for clinics and associated clerical duties. You should be educated to NVQ Level 2 / GCSE level or have equivalent experience. The ability to work under pressure both individually and as part of a team is important in order that deadlines are met. Good organisational and interpersonal skills are essential in order to be able to achieve this.    Working on our Bank  We are committed to building our Trust bank and welcome applications from applicants seeking to work flexibly via the bank service. Our bank rates are some of the most competitive in the region and the advertised rates are inclusive of holiday pay. Charges for DBS Processing  External applicants who are offered a position where a DBS is required as part of the process will be asked to repay this cost on successful employment. For further information please contact the recruitment team.  Staff Privacy Notice  Applicants and current staff may view our staff Privacy Notice by clicking on the right hand link 'staff privacy notice'. This may also be found on the CDDFT website.  Vacancies Receiving Large Volumes of Applications  Where vacancies receive a large number of applications (in excess of 50), the vacancy may be closed prior to the published closing date.   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"49"	49	"Part Time Sales Assistant/Post Office Clerk"	"   Our purpose at Heron is to “provide top quality products at the lowest possible prices every day in every store”. We have a strong culture of providing exceptional customer service and our Company Values create a working environment that is friendly, efficient, fun and rewarding.   With ambitious growth plans to open further stores throughout the UK we are really going places, and we are looking for like-minded Sales Assistants to join our journey of success.   If you are looking for an opportunity to learn new skills, be part of a friendly team and provide exceptional customer service, then read on…..   The Role  What our Sales Assistants do:   They help ensure the efficient operation of the store  They act as brand ambassadors for Heron  They ensure our customers receive unrivalled customer service  They deliver exceptional store standards  They continually seek and implement improvements   The Candidate  Successful candidates will:   Have retail experience, preferably in a food retail environment  Be committed to delivering high store standards  Take pride in what they do and be passionate about providing an exceptional service to customers  Be a self-starter who thrives in a working environment that is fast paced and at times demanding  Have a hands-on approach and be happy to get stuck in!   Benefits  What you get in return:   The chance to work in a unique working environment that is fun, challenging and rewarding  A competitive salary  30 days annual leave (pro-rata)  Accrual of additional leave for long service  Pension (as per auto-enrolment criteria)  Staff discount (in Heron Foods and our sister Company B&M)  Uniform  Development opportunities. We love nothing more than seeing our colleagues progress!   If you like what you’ve read, and you have the ambition and drive to succeed within a rapidly expanding business, then we want to hear from you.   Please visit http://careers.heronfoods.com/ if you would like to know more about life at Heron Foods.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"50"	50	"Cleaning Operative (Part Time) Ponteland NE20"	" We require a cleaning operative Monday to Thursday 4pm - 5:30pm and Friday 3pm - 4:30pm Immediate start for the right candidate Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: commercial cleaning: 2 years (Required)"	"Ponteland"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.7446032	55.053005
"51"	51	"Generous Giving Adviser"	"An exciting new opportunity has arisen to join our Mission and Ministry team to promote ‘generous giving’ as an advocate, adviser and enabler.  Working alongside stipendiary clergy, lay leaders, volunteers and colleagues, this new post will help to nurture and promote generous giving as part of our discipleship by developing an integrated approach between generous giving and other diocesan work streams which underpin our vision 'growing church bringing hope'.  Working as part of a small team, the successful candidate will promote and develop a range of resources and training interventions to build knowledge and capability across the diocese; helping to bring about a step change in our culture and our giving.  They will have the opportunity, at a Diocesan level, to help shape our approach to generous giving and ensure there is a link between this and other projects and initiatives. They will seek out opportunities to promote generous giving and help identify and address any obstacles which act as barriers. They work collaboratively with a portfolio of parishes; helping to identify new and innovative solutions to encourage and promote generous giving.  The post holder is responsible for managing, motivating and developing the Generous Giving Officer.  Applicants should be able to demonstrate previous experience of practical delivery and be able to lead and facilitate culture change. An understanding of discipleship combined with an awareness of stewardship and generous giving in a church context is key.  The ability to work with and alongside others (clergy, lay leaders and volunteers) is important together with an ability to influence key decision makers; persuading and empowering others to deliver change.  Applicants must be able to demonstrate an ability to relate to and value all people and traditions within the Church of England. Good listening skills combined with the ability to interpret and assimilate large amounts of information and develop a compelling argument are key to the success of this role.  A Genuine Occupational Requirement exists for the post holder to be a practising Christian in accordance with the Equality Act 2010.  If you would like an informal discussion about the role, please contact the Director of Discipleship & Ministry for Mission, the Revd Canon Ian Flintoft, on 0191 270 4100.  This is a part-time, permanent post, 22.5 hours per week over 3 days."	"North Shields "	"Permanent"	"£19,562 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"52"	52	"Family Support Practitioner"	"   Newcastle-upon-Tyne  Hours: Fixed term until 31/3/2020  Part Time (working 22 hours a week Mon to Wed)  Salary: £22,000 per annum, pro rata   How we work:  Action for Children does what's right, does what's needed and does what works for children in the UK. Every year, our team changes the lives of 301,000 children, young people and families.   The Community Family Hub is a vital part of our work. As a Family Support Practitioner, you'll be working with a diverse range of families within the Central Hub area in Newcastle. At the Community Family Hub we work closely with a range of partners including Health, L.A and voluntary agencies. There are four service bases in the Central Community Family Hub area, although workers will be based in one of the centres, predominantly we deliver 1:1 support in families' homes and across the centres. We use a whole family approach using the Early Help assessment, the worker will be required to lead Team around Family Meetings and Early Help Plans. This role will be working full time, generally Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm but some flexibility may be required to meet service needs.   How you'll make a difference:  By working collaboratively with families to achieve positive outcomes  By effectively assessing needs using Early Help assessment and working with families on an agreed plan to achieve improved outcomes  By working in an integrated way as part of the Community Family Hub  By listening to children and young people   What you'll need: Relevant qualification at level 3 or above Ability to assess, plan and review with children and families Work creatively with families and in an outcome-focused way. Understand child development and safeguarding Case load management Experience of working with children and families Ability to work as part of a team Resilience Ability to work effectively with multi agencies Ability to communicate with families who are from a diverse range of cultures and communities Able to meet recording requirements including use of digital systems   The rewards: Minimum 29 days' holiday (pro rata) Flexible working, including maternity, paternity and adoption packages Season ticket travel loans Company pension scheme Discounts at major high street retailers.   Plus, there's a lot more besides.   This is a fantastic opportunity to make a real difference to vulnerable children's lives and to build a fulfilling and meaningful career with a leading UK children's charity.   Action for Children is committed to safer recruitment practices, designed to protect the welfare of the children and young people using our services.   If you meet all the criteria and would like to proceed with your application, you'll be redirected to an application form on our website which should only take around 5 minutes to complete. Please have your CV handy to upload. As this job involves working around children, there are some specific questions we need to ask you as part of your application process. Thanks for taking the time to apply and we wish you the best of luck!   Apply now.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Contract"	"£22,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"53"	53	"Administrator/Receptionist"	"   Job Reference ID: 195/610/051576 Home Name: East RidingLocation: Morpeth, Northumberland, UK Weekly Hours: 37.5Salary: £8.38 p/h Posting Expiry Date: 22/05/2019  As a receptionist you are the first point of contact and are critical in ensuring that a positive first impression is created with all visitors to the home. The successful applicant should have a professional manner when dealing with any incoming calls. Greeting visitors is an important part of the role, along with general administration tasks, including preparing reports and minute taking. So as a receptionist what do you need to do to make this happen?Present a professional and caring first contact for all those who visit or telephone the home Manage the staff diary Co-ordinate and assist with document filing Be confident in using Microsoft Office Support the Management Team with other administrative duties. Able to use word, excel and outlook with ease.     JOB REQUIREMENTS In order to achieve this our receptionist should have:An ability to understand and use a variety of computer based systems. Excellent customer service and interpersonal skills. Familiarity with operating a busy reception.  Four Seasons Health Care provide a variety of competitive benefits, including a generous holiday allowance, a bespoke development programme, childcare vouchers and an employee discount scheme. Plus free parking and uniform where applicable. If you have the skills to succeed in this role and are committed to the provision of quality care please click on Apply now.  "	"Morpeth"	"Permanent"	"£8.38 an hour"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"54"	54	"Departmental Secretary (Band 3)"	"We are looking for an enthusiastic, highly motivated and forward thinking individual to undertake the role of Departmental Secretary within the Women’s Services Department at the Newcastle Upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundations Trust.  This administrative role, based in the RVI, involves working closely with managers, medical and nursing staff. The post holder will be required to provide an efficient secretarial service to the Women’s Service Directorate – they must also be able to work independently and follow the policies and procedures for the Department. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills, flexibility and reliability and must have an organised approach to work.  This is a role with lots of variety and ad-hoc demands and the post holder must possess excellent time management and planning skills. The position provides the opportunity to work within a very supportive and welcoming team and to further develop existing knowledge and skills.  Hours to be worked Mon-Fri.  Please refer to the Job Description and Person Specification for all essential and desirable criteria required for the role. Interview Date: 24 May 2019"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£18,813 - £20,795 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"55"	55	"Clerical Officer"	"The post holder will provide a clerical officer support service to the Medical Secretaries, Consultants and other team members within the Child and Adolescent Mental Health Service in the Child Health Business Unit. The Child Health Business Unit covers a number of services including General and Community Pediatrics, Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) and covers a range of bases within North Tyneside and Northumberland.  The main duties of this post will be the retrieval and storage of patient records, preparing patients' notes for clinics and using the Patient Administration System. Other varied duties will include covering the reception area, handling post, photocopying, filing and dealing with patients' telephone enquiries. Typing clinical correspondence will also be required. IT skills in the use of Microsoft products would be an advantage.  Essential Criteria; Educated to GCSE level A-C or equivalent in three subjects including English and Mathematics or equivalent experience to demonstrate good numeracy or literacy skills RSA 2 or equivalent qualifications or proof of experience Proficient in word processing  The post will be based at Albion Road but the post holder may be required to work at other sites within the Trust.  In order for your application to be successfully processed we will require references from your current and previous employer(s) whichmustcover a minimum period ofthreeyears. Please ensure that the reference section of your application is completed appropriately giving the address, telephone number and work email address of each of your current and previous line manager(s). If this section is not fully completed your application may not be processed.  The post will be subject to aDisclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check.  Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is committed to ensuring a safe and high quality of patient care underpinned by our Trust values. It is expected that all employees demonstrate their commitment to these in their daily activity. In addition to this you may be asked ‘Values-based interview questions at interview.  JOB SHARE MAY BE CONSIDERED"	"North Shields "	NA	NA	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"56"	56	"Procurement Officer"	"Band 6-9 (SCP19-31) 2019/20 £24,799 - £33,799 1 x Fixed Term until 31st July 2020 1 x Fixed Term until 31st March 2020  Join our Team  NEPO undertakes high-value procurement in major strategic areas of spend in partnership with North East local authorities (known as our Member Authorities) and a range of nationwide Associate Members.  Our vision is to achieve benefits through collaborative procurement. This means that we are focussed on delivering positive outcomes for our Member Authorities, regional supply base and over 500 Associate Members from the wider public sector.  In addition to delivering a collaborative procurement work programme of £210m, NEPO is responsible for the NEPO Portal and the NEPO Business Club programme of support for our suppliers.  NEPO is a forward-thinking organisation that supports personal development and provides a unique opportunity to work collaboratively across the North East public sector. NEPO employees benefit from:Flexible working Access to technology that enables agile working Continuing professional development, including training opportunities Annual leave ranging from 25 to 30 days (depending on length of service), plus public holidays Eligibility to join the Local Government Pension Scheme Child Care Vouchers Offices based in the heart of Newcastle’s Quayside with great links by public transport and road  The Role  This is an exciting opportunity to join our team as Procurement Officer. NEPO are currently recruiting two x Procurement Officers into fixed term positions.  This role incorporates a wide pay band in recognition of the range of skill levels we are able to recruit at – from junior entry level through to high-performing individuals who will be the managers of the future.  The post holder will assist and deliver procurement activity for major spend categories for the public sector in the North East as well as nationally.  The successful candidate will need to work independently, flexibly and innovatively, supporting the Category Specialist with the delivery of the Collaborative Procurement Work Programme.  Experienced officers will be expected to provide specialist procurement advice and guidance which is legally compliant to NEPO and its Members Authorities.  Procurement represents a fantastic choice for individuals looking for a varied and exciting role with great career prospects. This is one of the few sectors where new employees are given the opportunity to prove their worth and take charge of their own projects, from start to finish. The current economic climate has seen an increasing number of organisations turn to their procurement teams to deliver growth and generate income.  The recently advertised Category Specialist posts that NEPO were recruiting into illustrates the type of opportunity a high-performing PO can strive towards. Now is the time to consider a role in procurement! Important dates: The deadline for applications is 23:00 on 29th May 2019  Interviews will be held on the 6th June 2019. Candidates will be allocated interview times.  NEPO may use additional second stage interviews and/or personality questionnaires as required. Apply: Applications will only be accepted via https://www.northeastjobs.org.uk  For an informal discussion about the post, please contact Stephen Roberts on 07585986259  No recruitment agencies please.  For further information about NEPO and its work, please visit our website at www.nepo.org"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£24,799 - £33,799 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"57"	57	"Trainee Accountant"	"   Package  Grade D/I. £19,171 - 33,799 Full Time 37 hours Fixed Term (36-42 months initially). Permanent status and salary progression pending successful completion of apprenticeship. 2 Posts  Job category/type  Finance / Revenues / Benefits / Procurement  Job description   Gateshead Council are looking for two graduates/MAAT's to join its Corporate Finance Service, to provide efficient and effective financial support to the service's internal and external customers. The Council is offering a 36-42 month fully funded development programme, studied via an apprenticeship. Successful completion will result in eligibility to apply for membership of the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy (CIPFA) permanent employment and salary progression. A minimum of 20% off the job time will be provided which will encompass day release and study leave, mentoring, work shadowing and research etc. Candidates must be committed to studying towards the CIPFA professional qualification and becoming an active member of our busy and dynamic team. We are looking for people who are willing to contribute to a strong team environment with drive and commitment to succeed. The selection process is likely to include at least two of the following:verbal and numerical reasoning tests a presentation on a given subject a panel interview   To be considered you must:be a graduate (minimum 2nd class desirable); or a full member of the Association of Accounting Technicians (MAAT), have 5 GCSE's grades A-C or equivalent including English and Maths,  have a proven track-record of exam success, have knowledge of the local government financial environment, have good IT skills and experience of computerised systems, have excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Please see the and information on the Trainee Accountant Scheme including salary expectations and requirements for salary progression. What to do next?  Complete our online application form. You should consider the when applying, giving examples of how you meet the criteria. Interview and assessment date - w/c 24 June 2019.  Please contact Clare Morton or David Johnson for further details about this exciting opportunity by emailing either claremorton@gateshead.gov.uk or davidjohnson@gateshead.gov.uk or calling on 0191 433 3591/3598.   Graduate Scheme    "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"58"	58	"Travel Consultant - Newcastle"	" Would you love to work for a company that puts YOU at the heart of the business, listening to your views and ensuring you get the opportunity to develop a lifelong career? How about a finding a job where you get to sell dreams and help people plan the most exciting trips of their lives?  If this sounds like the perfect job for you, then read on…  Barrhead Travel is on the hunt for the best talent in the industry to join our incredible sales team. We’re rapidly expanding across the UK and are looking for passionate people who love travel and most importantly, love providing exceptional experiences for holidaymakers.  The role is fast-paced, rewarding and incredibly diverse and is best suited for those who thrive in a dynamic face-to-face sales environment. Our dedicated Training Academy offers support for every single member of our team – so even if you’re new to the travel industry, we’ll be with you every step of the way to help get your career off to a flying start.  Here’s some key information about the role:   Creating and booking unforgettable experiences, tailored exactly to your customer’s needs   Confidently communicating with prospect clients, building a rapport and following hot-leads through a wide range of channels including online live chats, social media, telephone enquiries and face-to-face conversation   Offering out-of-this-world customer service. We’ve won multiple awards for our fantastic customer service and are looking for more great people to join our award-winning teams   Meeting sales targets and working as a team to contribute to your branch’s overall targets   What we’re looking for:   People with real passion – you’ve got to love travel and be passionate about customer service   A flair for communicating with a wide variety of clients; you’ll need to be able to adapt and quickly build a rapport   The confidence, determination and drive to succeed. You should also love learning – the travel industry is always changing and you’ll need to be able to stay on top of trends and emerging destinations   Tenacious and determined – as a key member of the sales team, you’ll have an individual target to work towards as well-being pivotal to the overall store target.   Experience or knowledge of the travel industry is desirable but not a deal-breaker – full tailored training plans are provided for everyone.   What we offer:  At Barrhead Travel, we don’t simply offer jobs. We offer careers, with real development and growth prospects. We’re rapidly expanding across the UK with 76 retail outlets and even more planned for 2019, which means there’s huge opportunity for career progression. You’ll also be joining a family of brilliant colleagues; we love working hard but we play even harder. Take a look at some of the many benefits we offer our people:   Competitive base salary with uncapped earnings through our commission and bonus schemes   Incredible incentives; from all-expenses paid bucket-list holidays and free flights, to iPads and Love2Shop Vouchers , there’s the chance to win great prizes every single month   The opportunity to travel the world, thanks to our incredible worldwide familiarisation trips which are designed to enhance your product knowledge   A Personal Development Plan and continued training and development. Tell us your career-goals and we’ll work together to help you achieve them   Generous staff discounts for your own holidays plus discounts available for family and friends   Up to 34 days of annual leave (well, you need time to enjoy those amazing holiday discounts, don’t you?)   The opportunity to take paid overtime   A hugely varied company benefits scheme which includes amazing discounts with high street retailers and access to child-care vouchers   Personal life assurance policy   Pension scheme   The chance to attend some unique industry and teambuilding events throughout the year PLUS each year we host a company awards party to celebrate our fantastic teams and raise a glass (or two) to the coming year   Charity is a huge part of life at Barrhead Travel and so all of our employees get one paid day per year to dedicate to voluntary work for a charity of their choice   This is an exciting opportunity to join an award-winning company, selling a product you love, whilst reaping the rewards of an extremely generous bonus structure within a fun and exciting industry.  To apply, submit your CV letting us know why you’re the perfect fit and let us know your career goals and ambitions. Don’t forget to tell us about your favourite holiday destinations – you may have guessed already, but we love nothing more than a good chat about holidays!  For more information please call our Talent Acquisition Team on 0141 223 6655. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"59"	59	"Porter / Driver"	"    We are one of the country’s top performing NHS Foundation Trusts, looking after the wellbeing of around half a million people across Northumberland and North Tyneside – one of the largest geographical areas of any NHS Trust in England.  We deliver care from 11 acute sites including an emergency care hospital, general and community hospitals, an outpatient and diagnostic centre, an elderly care unit and an integrated health and social care facility.  We are rated ‘outstanding’ overall by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). We are one of the North East’s largest employers with 9,500 dedicated members of staff. We have a Council of Governors with 70 members, representing the public, staff and some of our external partners.  We invest heavily in staff to ensure that the best talent is attracted, developed, looked after, and retained in every area of the organisation. Staff satisfaction is high and our staff consistently rate us as one of the best places to work in the NHS.  We were one of the first NHS Trusts to receive foundation status, and have been a foundation trust for over a decade.  Candidates must read the entire ‘Applicants Guidance Notes’ before submitting any applications.  Please note that it is a requirement of this employer that all successful applicants pay for their own DBS certification if a DBS check is required for the post. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first monthly pay.      We are looking to recruit 3 friendly, flexible and conscientious Bank Porters to work as and when required within our small portering team at Berwick Infirmary.  Main duties will include: The conveyance and movement of patients by wheelchair and stretcher. The movement and handling of waste, laundry and medical gas cylinders in adherence with strict health and safety guidelines. The collection and delivery of linen, refuse, clinical waste trolleys, food trolleys, stores, beds, bedding, furniture, equipment and records to designated areas.  Driving, cleaning, refueling and maintaining records of hospital vehicles and delivery of goods and equipment as required.  Candidate must have a C1 on License if you passed your test before 1997 or a B1 if you passed your test after 1997.  Previous similar experience would be beneficial, although is not essential as full training will be given to the successful candidate.  As the Porters role within Hexham General Hospitals also involves driving, a full clean driving licence is essential.  Uniform will be provided.  Closing Date: 21st May 2019  For further details / informal visits contact:  Head Porter  Barry.Gargett@nhct.nhs.uk    At Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust, we believe that our staff are the foundation for all that we do. The Trust recognises its role in supporting the health and wellbeing of its staff and it taking positive action in this respect. We have a range of initiatives and support for staff including psychology and counselling, physiotherapy, physical activity opportunities and healthy food choices on site.  The Trust is completely smoke free from March 2018. We do not discriminate against people who smoke but we do require all staff to be smoke free whilst at work and we have a range of support in place to help and support staff with this.  After applying via NHS Jobs, your submitted application will be imported into our preferred Third party recruitment system. All subsequent information regarding your application will be generated from apps.trac.jobs. You will not be able to track the progress of your application or receive messages through the NHS Jobs website, and furthermore, that as an employer, we will not be able to respond to any e-mails sent to us via the NHS Jobs website. By applying for this post you are agreeing to Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust transferring the information contained in this application to its preferred applicant management system. If you are offered a job information will also be transferred into the national NHS Electronic Staff Records system.    Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. Tier 2 Certificate of Sponsorship Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the Resident Labour Market Test. The UK Visas and Immigration department requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UK Visas and Immigration website. From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement. Guidance can be found here Criminal Records Checks For Overseas Applicants UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Hexham"	NA	NA	-2.1017927	54.971478
"60"	60	"Services Assistant"	"  Services Assistant 19000DZ0)    Description  If you like variety and helping people – really making their day – this could well be a role you’ll love. As our Services Assistant, you’ll work where you’re needed. Depending on the store, you could find yourself in the office, completing tasks on the shop floor, serving a customer on the checkouts or in a petrol station. What’s more, you’ll be on our all-new Winning Team, which means you can really be the difference. This job is about doing the right thing for our customers and making sure you really wow them with the best shopping experience possible. After all, that’s what will keep them coming back. So you’ll be the friendly, professional face on check outs, in kiosks, at the assistance counter – you could even help customers pick up their click and collect parcels. In fact, you’ll be doing everything you can to make things simple for our customers, from dealing with complaints, refunds and price control, to putting up posters and advertising, or doing the right thing to ensure we’re meeting the rules and legislation for working with petrol. One thing’s for sure – we’ll give you the training you need to do a great job and you’ll be part of a dedicated team, all working and winning together. You don’t need to bring any experience to do this role. What matters is that you’re able to deliver a friendly, efficient and seamless service and you’re able to be yourself. Because that’s what our customers really want. Show us you’re passionate about getting involved and working at pace. And, if you’re open to working flexibly when things get quiet, that’s even better. There are lots of great benefits to being on our Winning Team, including:A season ticket loan after you’ve completed 12 weeks of service and passed your probation. A discount card after 12 weeks that gives you 10% off your Sainsbury’s shopping, 10% off at Argos and 25% discount at Habitat. A cycle to work scheme. Special offers on gym memberships, restaurants, holidays, retail vouchers and more.  Please note, to work in the Petrol Station you need to be aged 18 or over.      Primary Location: GB-Haltwhistle   Work Locations: Haltwhistle Store Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd Fair Hill Haltwhistle NE49 9DZ   Job: Customer Experience   Schedule: Part-time   Work Pattern: Week 1   Tuesday Start Time: 17:00 - Tuesday End Time: 21:00   Friday Start Time: 17:00 - Friday End Time: 21:00   Saturday Start Time: 17:00 - Saturday End Time: 21:00      Total Working Hours: 12 "	"Haltwhistle"	"Part-time"	NA	-2.4582171	54.9705304
"61"	61	"NECOP Project Assistant"	"Closing Date: 29 May 2019 The North East Collaborative Outreach Programme (NECOP) is looking to recruit an outstanding Project Assistant with experience of providing administrative services within a busy office environment. You will support the work of the Central Project Team and be responsible for servicing our management and governance groups including diary management and minute taking. You will also act as the first point of contact for enquiries via the NECOP Outreach Hub which will be launched in the Autumn Term. Excellent interpersonal skills, a positive approach to problem solving, outstanding team work skills and a flexible approach to work are essential. NECOP is part of the National Collaborative Outreach Programme (NCOP) funded by the Office for Students which aims to increase the higher education participation rate in England through the creation of intensive, progressive outreach programmes. As part of this national project, Newcastle University is acting as the lead for a partnership of universities and colleges across the region. You will work as part of a Central Project Team, based at Newcastle University. This is a fixed term post available until 31 July 2020 in the initial instance with a potential extension to 31 July 2021 subject to funding. For more information see: www.officeforstudents.org/NCOP and www.futureme.ac.uk Expected interview date: Tuesday 18 June 2019 Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices. Click her for full Job Description"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£21,414 - £22,658 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"62"	62	"Communications and Marketing Assistant"	" St Oswald’s Hospice is looking to recruit a proactive and enthusiastic Communications and Marketing Assistant to join our hard-working and passionate Communications and Marketing Team.  You will be responsible for updating our digital channels including our website and social media channels; supporting the production and distribution of our monthly internal newsletter; ‘external event’ and listings PR; writing press releases and attending media opportunities; devising and producing promotional materials and information displays, as well as responding to general enquiries received through our website, social media and email system.  Ideally, you will have a marketing or related qualification and a minimum of one year’s previous experience of working in a PR or marketing setting, either in a paid or voluntary capacity. You will have excellent written and verbal communication skills, be a self-starter, have creative flair and the ability to manage your own workload. Good IT skills are essential and design skills are desirable.  If after reading the job description and person specification you require further information please contact Emma Pattison, Communications and Marketing Manager, on 0191 285 0063 or via emmapattison@stoswaldsuk.org  This role is subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check (DBS).  If you would like to download a detailed job description and person specification for this role please click here.  To apply for the role, please see our Application Form  Interview date: Wednesday 12th June 2019 "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"63"	63	"Administrator"	"   Southern Health is one of the largest Foundation Trusts in the UK, specialising in mental health, adult and child community health and learning disabilities.   An exciting opportunity has arisen within Southern Health Foundation Trust (SHFT) to appoint an efficient and motivated Administrator. The candidate will be based with the Basingstoke Health Visitors at Parklands Hospital, Basingstoke. You will be joining a leading organisation that is both forward thinking and innovative. SHFT is committed to improving the quality of child health services across Hampshire and takes pride in rewarding the success of its staff.   Your main responsibility will be to organise systems and processes to underpin the delivery of the Healthy Child Programme and to provide comprehensive administrative support to the team, including inputting of data. You will need to be able to demonstrate the ability to work on your own and to be a good team player.   With a positive approach to customer care you will need to be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills, prioritise your workload and manage your time efficiently.   Applicants must have excellent IT skills and be prepared to work in other bases when necessary. Access to a vehicle and possession of a full driving licence is essential for this role.   Happy to Talk Flexible Working - all requests for flexible and part time working will be considered.  Follow us on Facebook and on Twitter:  facebook.com/SouthernHealthNHS  @Southern_NHSFT    We positively encourage applications from all sections of the community and we are committed to equal opportunities We strongly encourage candidates to read all available information to support their application, please use the application form to demonstrate that you meet the requirements laid out in the job description and person specification. If you are short-listed for this post you will be informed via your email address therefore, please check your NHS Jobs Account on a regular basis. Previous applicants need not apply within a six month period for the same role.  A DBS check is required by the Employer for this post. The Employer will undertake an initial check at the appropriate level on appointment. As a condition of employment you are required to register with the online DBS update service and maintain this registration throughout employment; costs associated with this will be reimbursed, subject to taxation in line with guidance from HMRC. You will comply with all Employer processes in order to provide yearly permission to the Employer enabling it to view your status and to undertake random checks as required. If you change to a role where a check would no longer be required this will be confirmed and you may end your membership if desired.  Any personal information you provide will be treated in the strictest confidence and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.    To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Parklands"	NA	NA	18.5094467353968	-33.80448645
"64"	64	"Tenancy Support Officer"	"   Closing Date- 31.05.19 We are a national social justice charity with more than 50 years’ experience of changing lives, building stronger communities and reducing crime. Last year alone we helped support, house, educate, advise and speak out for 38,000 disadvantaged young people and adults - and you could now help us make an even bigger impact going forward.  Who we are looking for?  We are searching for a Tenancy Support Officer to cover the Durham area to provide intensive housing management support to vulnerable individuals and/or families. This will be with the intention of providing a successful and sustainable move on process and other measurable outcomes.  Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Managing tenure and the completion of tenure documentation including taking appropriate action in line with legal requirements and policy.An understanding of Welfare reform and the impact it will have on the client group.Being responsible for the whole life cycle of tenants going through the Nacro Housing Agency process; this will start at referral and all the way through to move on accommodation. You’ll support users with managing their accommodation including home safety, reporting repairs, keeping their home clean, access with benefits, paying their rent as well as help when engaging with support services. You’ll be required to attend multi agency meetings when required. We are really looking for someone who has previously worked within a housing or support environment, looking to make a difference with our service users and ready to take on their next challenge.   "	"Durham"	"Permanent"	"£19,512 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"65"	65	"WORKSHOP ADMINISTRATOR"	" We are looking for an enthusiastic and reliable Workshop Administrator to join our dedicated service department. North East Truck & Van Limited is a franchised main dealer for Iveco, MAN, Fiat Professional and LDV with a history of 50 years and 7 sites across the North of England. The successful applicant must have at least 2 years’ experience in a similar role. Franchised Main Dealer experience in a commercial environment is preferred but all backgrounds will be considered. The successful applicant's main duties and responsibilities will be as follows: Completeing paperowk to ensure efficient and timely process of all job cards and inspection sheets Organising work load with Service Reception Some knowledge of the industry and advantage Competitive rate of pay on offer. If you're interested - please get in touch! Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: within a similar role: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Blaydon-On-Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.7210501	54.9637822
"66"	66	"Service Assistant - Consett - 12 Hours"	" Service Assistant  Location: Consett  Up to £8.35 per hour + benefits    We’re Screwfix. Perhaps you know us. Perhaps you don’t. Either way, we’d like to let you in on a secret. We’re growing. By putting our customers first, we’re providing quality products, at competitive prices and a convenient shopping experience. It’s a winning formula. With over 600 stores around the UK, we’re also expanding into Europe. As a Service Assistant you’ll give our customers first-class service. Whether you’re looking to work in a company where there’s scope to progress, or get your foot on the retail ladder, we’ve got the opportunity for you. It’ll be fast. It’ll be challenging. But it’ll also be rewarding.  Let’s hammer out the detail  You enjoy putting customers first. Sometimes that means delivering winning customer service (something that comes naturally to you as you take the time to get to know our customers). At other times it might mean stocking shelves or putting orders together. No matter what you’re doing, you put your heart and soul into it as you appreciate that your efforts will help make the store run smoothly. And that will make for a happy customer. It’ll also set you on the right track for a promising career with us.  Your skills toolbox  Whilst any retail experience will mean you settle in quicker, we’re more interested in your positive, can-do, no-nonsense approach. Our training will do the rest. What you need to show us, is that you’re a great communicator who loves to help and has a real passion for our business. You also need to be friendly, flexible, reliable, honest, hard-working and enthusiastic. Bring us all that and you’ll find yourself in a company that looks to promote from within, whilst having fun along the way. Help build on our success and you’ll see just how far a career with us can take you.  Screwfix – The nuts and bolts  We haven’t got where we are today without taking risks. We own what we do. We work hard, but we make sure we balance that with fun along the way. With 570 stores across the country, we’re constantly opening new ones and there’s no sign of us slowing down. Join us, and you’ll be part of a dynamic organisation that’s investing in its people and going places.  Rewards – we’ve nailed it  We mentioned you’ll need to work hard…. That’s why we make every effort to thank you for your efforts. A competitive salary, 28 days’ holiday, an award-winning company pension scheme, life cover, 20% discount with Screwfix and B&Q, discounted healthcare and company share save schemes are all on offer. We’ll also help you be the best you can be, with excellent training and ongoing development at your disposal too.  Checkout  Want to discover more?Apply today at www.screwfixcareers.com upload your CV and complete our on-line application.   Please note, this advert may close early if the appropriate number of applications has been reached.   Our policy is to employ the best qualified people and provide equal opportunity for the advancement of employees including promotion and training and not to discriminate against any person because of gender, race, ethnicity, age, sexual orientation, religion, belief or disability. "	"Consett"	"Part-time"	"£8.35 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"67"	67	"ArtNight Artist UK (m/f/x)"	"You are an artist, you study art or you just love to paint and create in your free time?  You are extroverted, enjoy being the centre of attention and entertaining other people?  Perfect! Because we are looking for someone exactly like you to join us as an artist for our ArtNight workshops in UK!  This is a freelance job We are looking for artists in the following cities:Manchester Birmingham Leeds Liverpool Newcastle Nottingham Sheffield Bristol Bath Brighton Edinburgh Cardiff  As we are constantly looking to grow our artist team, we are also open to applications from artists from all over the UK!  WHO WE ARE  ArtNight is a platform for creative experiences. In two-hour workshops our customers release their inner artists to create their own works of art in the cosy atmosphere of local bars and restaurants - guided by a local artist! We offer both public events and private events (team events, hen parties etc)  WHAT TO EXPECT You will organize your own art workshops in your local city You will guide the customers to create their own art piece as an artist (in groups of 15 - 25 participants) You will take care of the customers and you ensure that everybody goes home happy Flexible Job / side-job / part-time job (Freelancer) The events will be held in English, the communication with ArtNight takes place in English  YOUR PROFILE communicative, outgoing, friendly and proactive you enjoy being center stage passion for art and painting (especially acrylic) you love working with other people you have space to store the materials (optional) you have experience running workshops "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"68"	68	"Room Attendant"	"  WGC is the UK's leading outsourced hotel services company, helping our clients deliver some of the best guest experiences to over 24 million customers each year. In the role of Room Attendant, you will report to Head Housekeeper and be responsible for supporting housekeeping team in the day to day running of the department. In return for your dedication, WGC offers an industry leading package and is passionate about career progression; we’ll look to build a career plan with you that includes training, mentoring and extensive experience outside your current skill set, all to ensure you have some of the best opportunities to progress through the company. WGC will provide you with an annual training allowance of up to £10,000, which can be used on a selection of WGC Approved Apprenticeships and accredited training courses, including English, Maths, IT and more. Benefits also include:Life & Critical Illness Insurance DiscountStore with discounts from ASDA, O2 & more Discounted hotels and flights Low-cost health insurance Full workplace pension scheme 28 days holiday  Your role will include:Cleaning guest rooms to the hotel standard Replenishing linen and guest supplies Providing a great guest experience Reporting any maintenance faults and deal with lost property Ensuring that all appliances, fixtures and fittings are safe and work in accordance with regulations and report any faults to the Head Housekeeper.  If you have previous experience of working in a housekeeping environment or your looking for a new challenge and want to join a business that offers you exceptional development and potential to progress, apply now. "	"Durham "	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"69"	69	"Waste/ Refuse Operatives"	" Waste/ Recycling Operatives required for the County Durham area. Main Duties include; To collect waste/refuse from the designated collection point and return container where necessary. Ensure all waste/refuse not presented for collection at the designated collection point is recorded & reported as requested. Ensure waste/refuse is loaded correctly and safely and all spillages are cleared up immediately. To assist in the safe maneuvering of the vehicle at all times. To assist the driver in carrying out and recording of routine maintenance, daily checks, defect reports and vehicle washing and interior. To adhere to all Company safety rules & current legislation regarding, vehicle, sites, wearing of uniform and PPE issued. To remain polite and respectful with all colleagues, members of the public and client representatives at all times. If you feel you would be suitable for this role, please apply with an up to date CV. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"70"	70	"Commissioning Officer, Grade 10"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  07/05/2019    Advert End Date:  20/05/2019 23:59    Salary:  £30,507 to £33,799 p.a grade 10    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Other    Vacancy ID:  186813    Employment Location:  Your normal place of work will be the Durham area. However, you may be required to work at any council workplace within County Durham.    Post Number:  AHS/19/127 EXT    Closing date:  20 May   Further Information ADULT & HEALTH SERVICES COMMISSIONING Commissioning Officer Temporary until 31/3/2020 VACANCY NO: AHS/19/127 EXT Applications are invited for a Children’s Commissioning Officer post temporary until 31/3/2020 . The successful post-holder will work with colleagues in Children’s Services and Policy and Planning officers to commission effective services which improve the outcomes of children and young people. The post-holder will also be involved in issuing contract documentation and ensuring contract compliancy. They will also be responsible for addressing and resolving contract related issues.  The Commissioning Services team implement commissioning strategies and ensure that commissioned services achieve the highest standards of quality and performance in line with prescribed standards. Required Qualifications: Educated to foundation degree level or equivalent. For an informal discussion about the role, please contact Dawn Wilson on 03000 266889 Email dawn.wilson@durham.gov.uk It is anticipated that interviews will be held week commencing 3rd June 2019 The successful applicant for this post will be required to apply for a Disclosure & Barring Service Enhanced Disclosure. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on Telephone: 03000 267247 (24hr answerphone). Email: hrAHS@durham.gov.uk Permanent employees of Durham County Council wishing to undertake a temporary post within the Council, whether this is within their substantive service, or across services, should seek the approval of their Line Manager/Senior Manager, prior to interview, to undertake this temporary post with the guarantee to return to their substantive post at the expiry of the temporary post. If the temporary post is reviewed and further extended, agreement must be sought from the employee’s substantive line manager. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£30,507 - £33,799 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"71"	71	"Nursing Assistant"	" Assessment Centre Date: 18th June 2019  The opportunity has arisen for 2 x Band 3 HCA's within the Oncology Service. The posts are full time and one is based at North Tyneside General Hospital and one will be based at Wansbeck General hospital. There are 5 Oncology Day Units across the Trust and it will be necessary for the successful candidates to be flexible to meet the needs of the service Trust-wide.  The Oncology Day Units offer a wide range of treatments and support to patients with cancer and Haematology disorders and previous experience of working with patients who have cancer would be an advantage.  The successful candidate should have good communication skills and be able to work as part of a small team with minimal supervision. Venepuncture essential and must be willing to undertake further relevant study. Good IT will be necessary and previous experience with NHS IT systems an advantage.  The successful candidate should have robust coping skills."	"North Tyneside"	NA	"£18,813 - £20,795 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"72"	72	"Barista/Coffee Shop Assistant"	"  Excited for a new opportunity? Dunelm is seeking a Coffee shop assistant to join our growing business. Coffee Shop colleagues are mainly based in our in-store Pausa Coffee Shop, ensuring that our customers receive excellent customer service and enjoy our food and drinks that you prepare.  This position is for a minimum of 16 hours per week and candidates will need to be fully flexible as shift patterns will vary over 7 days and will include one weekend day a week and a minimum of one evening a week.  Your responsibilities will include: Ideally you will have barista/coffee shop experience as you’ll be regularly using our barista machines to prepare a host of hot drinks to a high standard. Full training will be provided. Preparing food such as toasties, jacket potatoes, and cakes for our customers. To be able to work in a fast-paced environment, with great time keeping and team work skills, ensuring all our customers receive an outstanding service. To be flexible, potentially working morning, afternoon, evenings and weekends, also available for overtime at our peak times. As part of the Dunelm Family, you will enjoy plenty of benefits too: Holiday Entitlement –competitive entitlement including an additional ‘birthday’ day off. 15% colleague discount on all our products instore and online. Competitive hourly rate of pay. Sharesave scheme – a fantastic scheme allowing you to grab a piece of this ever-growing company. Training Schemes– an incredible learning and development programme to help you to reach your full potential. Sharesave options. “Coffee Shop, Coffee, Barista, Coffee Shop Assistant, Café, Café Assistant, Café Sales Assistant, Café Barista, Service, Food Assistant, Waitress “   "	"Cramlington"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"73"	73	"Supervisory Assistants, Level 1"	" Supervisory Assistants, Level 1 Ref: SNT1675(e) N2: £17,711 per annum, pro rata. (Actual: £1,982 per annum).  This is a Foundation School which is part of a Trust; the employer will be the Governing Body of the School. Grange First School Norham Road Gosforth Newcastle upon Tyne NE3 2NP. Part time, 5 hours per week - term time only Fixed term until 31 August 2020. The Governors of Grange First School are looking for Lunchtime Supervisory Assistants to join the friendly team of staff providing support/care to children and young people during the midday break. Grange First School is a school for children and young people, aged 3 - 9. Hours of work will be Monday - Friday 12.00am - 1.00 pm (5 hours per week), term time. Training and support will be provided to the successful applicant. Application packs are available from by emailing: admin@grange.newcastle.sch.uk, or sending a SAE letter to Grange First School, at the above address. Closing date: Friday 21 June 2019. The school is strongly committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. The successful applicant will be required to obtain an enhanced Certificate of Disclosure from the Disclosure & Barring Service and go through a range of other recruitment checks. As this post involves working with children, or dealing with sensitive information, written references will be taken up and made available to interviewers before the final selection stage; even if you indicate otherwise.  Fixed Term "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£17,711 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"74"	74	"Finance Graduate"	" Parkdean Resorts are seeking enthusiastic and driven individuals who are looking for an exciting and diverse accountancy career within a large leading North East finance team. We have fantastic opportunities within our Newcastle-based finance department to play a pivotal role supporting Parkdean Resorts' 67 nationwide holiday parks and the wider business. If you have or are about to graduate from university in the last 2 years with a minimum 2:1 degree or have gained substantial relevant experience within a (large) finance function after being successful at A-level and you think this role would suit you, then contact us today. The opportunities at Parkdean Resorts are to work across multiple disciplines in the finance function on a rotation basis over the course of a 3 year training period. As a member of Parkdean Resorts’ Finance Accelerated Development scheme you will undergo a structured training programme which will embed you in to a busy and fast paced finance team. As part of the training programme you will receive full support for to work towards an ACCA professional qualification as part of an accredited level 7 apprenticeship and be provided with continuous internal opportunities for learning, development and progression. This a great chance to join a scheme which will provide you with the skills and knowledge needed to give your career in finance a flying start. We are seeking ambitious, high calibre graduates with a minimum 2:1 degree level or demonstrable equivalent relevant experience. You will be a fundamental part of a large team, so must be able to communicate effectively at all levels. Working within a fast paced environment will require you to be self-motivated, with a high degree of accuracy and organisation. If you have the desire to succeed and wish to join the UK’s largest holiday park operator, then apply online today or, for more information, call one of the Recruitment team for more information on 0191 216 5617! We can't wait to hear from you! Successful applicants will be required to attend an assessment day in Newcastle on Wednesday 12th June.  Job Type: Full-time Salary: £20,000.00 to £21,500.00 /year "	"Gosforth"	NA	"£20,000 - £21,500 a year"	-3.4389401	54.4185996
"75"	75	"Warehouse Picker-Packer Nights"	"  Adecco Durham are currently recruiting for a Picker/Packer (Night Shift) with a Counter Balance FLT Driver for a temporary ongoing role with a global organisation based in Cramlington.   Working Permanent Nights this role will be between the hours of 22:00 and 06:00  Applicants must hold in date and valid Counterbalance certificate.   Salary: £10.77 per hour   Job Specification:  Receives and reads customer order to identify items to be pulled and verifies stock availability.  Fills customer orders in accordance with specifications on order form.  Prepares items for shipment by assembling, addressing, stamping, and arranging for the transportation of products.  Loads and unloads trucks, etc.  Moves material within a warehouse or storage facility using material handling equipment.  Enters product information into computer database.  Verifies and keeps records on incoming and outgoing shipments.  Basic data entry and computer proficiency essential (previous experience of Oracle beneficial).   Adecco acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. The Adecco Group UK & Ireland is an Equal Opportunities Employer.  By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Adecco. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information - please copy and paste the following link in to your browser https://www.adecco.co.uk/candidate-privacy    Recruiter  Adecco    Location  England, Northumberland, Cramlington    Salary  Up to £10.77 per hour    Posted  17 May 2019    Closes  14 Jun 2019    Ref  JN -052019-68579    Contact  Rachel Grogan    Sector  Manufacturing    Contract Type  Contract    Hours  Full Time   "	"Cramlington"	"Contract"	"£10.77 an hour"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"76"	76	"Night Receptionist Team Member - Part Time - 16 hours per week"	"Travelodge is expanding fast and we now have over 550 hotels. We pride ourselves in giving all of our customers unbeatable value and a quality experience. By joining us as a Night Team Member, you will be a big part of making this happen. Your job would be to provide a warm welcome to our customers and to help prepare the hotel for the morning shift .  At Travelodge we are passionate about supporting your development. All our Night Team Members have the opportunity to apply to our management training program after being with the company for three months. A large number of our current Hotel Managers, and even District Managers, started their careers as team members. As a Night Team Member you will also enjoy:50% discount on both rooms and food and beverage Discounts for friends and family with thousands of rooms at £14.99 £50 voucher on each work anniversary Discounts off many high street retailer and mobile phone providers Hours are 11pm to 7am Pension scheme totalling 8% (employer contribution 3%)  ( Due to the working hours you must be 18 or older to be considered)  At Travelodge, we value your attitude and character as much as your experience. The behaviours that are most important to us are Care About People , Attention to Detail and Drive for Results. We respect the contribution made by every employee and always try to recognise those who go ‘above and beyond’.  If you feel you would enjoy a Night Team Member role then please click ‘apply’ now. We’d love to hear from you."	"Durham "	"Part-time"	"£9.03 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"77"	77	"Seamstress"	" Q Interiors, the award winning North East Interior design company, has a vacancy for an experienced seamstress to work in their Blagdon facility. The role involves working closely with the design and installation teams within the business. Applicants must have the following skills and experience: Able to handle a variety of soft furnishing fabrics to make professional lined and interlined curtains. Able to pattern match fabrics and sew different curtain headings for example pinch pleat, eyelets, wave, pencil, puff ball etc. Able to make bonded lined roman blinds. Required to make piped cushion covers and bed throws Familiar with industrial sewing machines, overlocker and blind hemmer. Able to machine and hand sew. Keep stock of in coming fabrics and linings. Cross reference in coming stock against workroom instructions to produce high quality finished goods. A competitive salary commensurate to the role will be offered to the successful candidate together with the opportunity to enter the company’s corporate incentive scheme. Please send a full CV with details of your current position and salary for the attention of Julie Watson. All applications will be considered in the strictest confidence. Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"78"	78	"House cleaners wanted"	"   We're looking for a lovely, dependable and thorough cleaner for a placement within a local home.  Working schedules can be adapted to suit the right applicant although we prefer it if you are able to stick to the same days and hours each week. All materials - steam mop, vacuum cleaner, cloths & sprays etc will be provided at the household. Occasional ironing may also be required.  For more information, please contact Maid2Clean. Once vetted, other placements will be offered to you should you wish to increase your hours with more work.  Please apply online today!  Salary: £9 - £10   "	"North East"	"Part-time"	"£9 - £10 an hour"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"79"	79	"3567 Environmental Services Apprentice - 3 posts"	"The apprentice will work as part of the grounds maintenance team to ensure clean, attractive neighbourhoods in all parts of the borough. The successful candidate will need to be flexible in their approach to work. Have excellent communication skills, be enthusiastic and have the ability to work as part of a team. Working outdoors in all weathers is required. As an environmental services apprentice you will:Learn how to remove graffiti and fly posting supporting teams to take enforcement action Gain hands on experience in winter maintenance operations including grit bins and clearing pathways Support the team to sweep highways/pathways/hard surfaces/bus shelters/steps Learn new skills and knowledge in relation to street inspections, including how to report issues for footpaths, streets and roads Remove rubbish including domestic, bulky, commercial and recycling material Learn how to use a range of tools and carryout landscaping tasks e.g. mowing, planting  Training will be provided by a combination of work place training, study and assessment.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"80"	80	"Lay Members"	"Closing date: 12 June 2019Get Involved with Newcastle University – Non-Exec opportunities   Newcastle University is a thriving international community of some 28,000 undergraduate and postgraduate students from over 140 countries worldwide studying at our main campus in Newcastle and at Newcastle University London, Newcastle University in Singapore and Newcastle University Medicine Malaysia.   As a member of the Russell Group of research intensive universities in the UK, Newcastle has a world-class reputation for research excellence in the fields of medicine, science and engineering, social sciences and the humanities.   Our academics are sharply focused on responding to the major challenges facing society today. Our research and teaching are world-leading in areas as diverse as health, culture, technology and the environment.   Newcastle University is committed to providing our students with excellent, research-led teaching delivered by dedicated and passionate teachers. This is reaffirmed by achieving the best possible outcome - a Gold Award - in the Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF). Newcastle is placed joint top 9 in Europe for teaching excellence in the Times Higher Education Europe Teaching Rankings.   We have an excellent track record in supporting entrepreneurship and student start-ups worth £26 million in 2017-18, the fifth-highest aggregated turnover for new student start-ups of any university in the UK.  The quality of our degrees, our focus on transferrable skills and our reputation with employers puts us in the top 20 universities for graduate career prospects in the UK. We partner with organisations, such as the National Trust, Nissan, Siemens, Procter and Gamble, GSK and Northumbrian Water to support student placements and collaborative projects and in 2016, 95% of our UK/EU graduates entered employment or further study within six months of graduating.  Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity.  Through dedicated working groups, events and projects we aim to create a positive, supportive culture for everyone to reach their potential.   In order to achieve our vision we are now looking for individuals to join some of the 30 advisory bodies where externally appointed lay members make a valuable contribution. These range from subject specific advisory boards through to the University’s governing body. The lay members, who are not remunerated, play a vital role in bringing specific expertise and external perspective to all aspects of the work of the University.   Due to the multifaceted nature of University operations, experience of a complex role in the public or private sectors would be advantageous. If you would be interested please contact Dr John Hogan, Registrar on email at john.hogan@ncl.ac.uk for further information. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"81"	81	"Assistant Psychologists"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  14/05/2019    Advert End Date:  02/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  Grade 6, £21,166 - £23,836 per annum    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Education    Vacancy ID:  187122    Employment Location:  An approved County Council location. However, you will be required to work at any County Council location, as required.    Post Number:  CYPS/19/148, C1811, V5005    Closing date:  2 Jun   Further Information Children and Young People's Service Ed. Support for SEN & Disability Educational Psychology Post: Assistant Psychologist x2 Grade: Grade 6, £21,166 - £23,836 per annum These posts are within the Educational Psychology Service, which is part of the SEND and Inclusion Service for Durham’s Children’s Services. The role of this multi-disciplinary team is to improve the wellbeing, achievement and resilience of vulnerable young people. The work undertaken aims to provide support to schools to develop their capacity to effectively meet the needs of vulnerable learners within the areas or social, emotional and mental health; and communication and interaction. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary service and will support work across the team; which includes Educational Psychologists, Advisory and Inclusion Teachers, Counsellors, and other specialist support staff. The team provide:Assessment, screening and consultation in relation to the social, emotional and mental health (SEMH)/ cognition and learning (C&L)/ communication and interaction (C & I) needs of children within school contexts Advice and consultation on how these needs impact on learning and inclusion Intervention at individual, group and whole class levels; and school development support Training and network support for a range of evidence based programmes Research and development support aimed at developing evidence based practice  These are 2-year posts, and are an ideal opportunity for anyone interested in training as an applied psychologist. It is essential for candidates to have had experience of working with children and young people within an educational, or other relevant context; specifically working in at least one of the areas described. Experience of undertaking research and evaluation is also a key requirement for the role. Candidates should have a Psychology degree (2:1 or 1st). They should have an energy and enthusiasm for the application of psychology in education. The successful candidate must be able to travel independantly to fulfil their duties, and will be required to apply for a Disclosure & Barring Service (DBS) check. As part of the team there are considerable opportunities to develop your own practice, and to become involved in a range of initiatives. There will be a planned induction that can be tailored to your interests and needs. It is anticipated that interviews will be held on Friday 21st June. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on Telephone: 03000 267247 (24hr answerphone). Email: hrCYPS@durham.gov.uk In line with the County Council’s Recruitment & Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CV’s. Any information provided on CV’s will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£21,166 - £23,836 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"82"	82	"Pharmacy Dispenser - Summer Placements for Pharmacy Students"	" We currently have 2 dispensing opportunities in Lloyds Outpatient Pharmacies based at the RVI and Freeman Hospitals. This is an excellent opportunity for summer students to learn the dispensing process in an OPD. The students will have the chance to see what an outpatient pharmacy actually is and also how a trust operates. Working as a member of the team to provide a first class patient and customer experience at all times, by playing an integral part in managing dispensing workloads accurately and safely and ensuring high standards of dispensing practices are upheld and delivered. In turn contributing to the delivery of the outpatient dispensing services and having the patient at the core of your performance at all times. weekend opportunities on a permanent basis, Saturday and Sunday available summer work- 7 days week available 40hrs per week Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Permanent Experience: Pharmacy: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time, Temporary, Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"83"	83	"Project Coordinator"	"37 hours per week Fixed term until 31 December 2021  We are seeking an experienced individual to provide extensive administrative and project management support to deliver the North East Strategic Economic Plan’s business growth and innovation programmes. The successful candidate will provide project management support to ensure successful delivery of the North East Growth Hub’s new High Potential Start-Up programme and the Innovation Programme’s Invite Project. The successful candidate will provide administrative and organisational support to the project delivery teams, providing coordination of resources, management of project information, supporting documentation preparation and provision, and the management of compliant systems and processes.  They will work with project delivery teams and partners to ensure compliant processes and business systems are in place to support effective and successful project delivery, providing financial and resource management support as required.  They will maintain effective and positive relationships with LEP partners and stakeholders and support communications activity to promote project activity and results.  The successful candidate will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, coupled with sound project management working knowledge and an understanding of financial management requirements. They will support the Executive Team and Business Growth and Innovation Programmes to facilitate the development and delivery of the business growth and innovation projects, specifically the Growth Hub High Potential Start-Up Programme and the Innovation Invite project.  For an informal conversation please contact Dinah Jackson, Business Growth Programme Manager on 0191 561 5434.  Apply online at www.northeastjobs.org.uk."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£26,999 - £30,507 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"84"	84	"Ice Cream Vendor"	" Driving and serving ice cream and keeping van clean and good with public Job Type: Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"85"	85	"Project Support Assistant"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  13/05/2019    Advert End Date:  26/05/2019 23:59    Salary:  Grade 7 £22,911 to £26,317    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Admin / Secretarial / Customer Services    Vacancy ID:  187056    Employment Location:  County Hall, Durham    Post Number:  TAP19-18    Closing date:  26 May   Further Information An opportunity has arisen for a temporary Project Support Assistant who will work directly with the Head of Corporate Property and Land until 31 December 2019 or upon the conclusion of the Business Support Review. Duties will include:-diary management and the co-ordination of meetings and associated documents assist in the project management of specific policy initiatives update and monitor information systems and produce report and statistical information arrange meetings, provide progress reports undertake information research and follow up actions arising assist with the editing and quality checking of the priority correspondence update the Service Work Plan and maintain a check of target dates.  Applications should hold NVQ level 3 in Administration or National Certificate in Public Administration or equivalent together with experience of producing reports and statistical information and good ICT skills. Interviews are scheduled to be held on Thursday 30 May 2019. For further information regarding the post, please contact Greg Farn on 03000 264710 or via email at greg.farn@durham.gov.uk As a disability confident employer, we are committed to employing disabled people and people with health conditions making reasonable adjustments to support disabled applicants when required. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 03000 268153/264223 or email hrTAP@durham.gov.uk "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£22,911 - £26,317 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"86"	86	"Marketing Executive"	" CONTRACT:  37.5 hours per week LOCATION: Playhouse Whitley Bay REPORTING TO: Theatre Director Role Purpose:  To market and publicise events at the Playhouse Whitley Bay To generate interest in events and portray positive image of the venue amongst promoters/event organisers, public and the media To maximise income potential of promotional opportunities offered by the venue and it's events programme Key Accountabilities:  Liaising and assisting promoters/event organisers to market their events and promote ticket sales Liaising with media, designers, internet agencies etc to produce effective literature, website/web content and social media to promote events Implementing, maintaining and controlling event marketing activities and event recharge costs to promoters etc. Development of corporate client base, day to day liaison and future development To develop and manage relationships with key media and commercial organisations Update information on the website (Events, News, Booking information, T&Cs etc Selling advertising to promoters Administration and general office duties as required Covering for absences and holidays of other staff Any Other duties as requested by the Theatre Director Skills & Competencies required:  Computer literate across Microsoft packages essential, Apple Mac knowledge desirable Strong understanding of Web platforms and current social media trends Flexibility to work some unsocial hours if required Excellent communication skills - written/spoken To be able to plan and prioritise workload for self and Marketing Assistant Reliable with the willingness to learn, develop and cascade knowledge to Assistant Additional Points  There may be a requirement to travel to other SMG Venues / Sites. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £19,000.00 to £21,000.00 /year Experience: Marketing: 2 years (Required)"	"Whitley Bay"	"Permanent"	"£19,000 - £21,000 a year"	-1.4417687	55.0413087
"87"	87	"PMO Project Co-ordinator"	"    Northumberland CCG has a budget of £530 million and commissions care for a population of 322,000 people across a vast and geographically diverse county. The CCG prides itself on being clinically led and has a track record of commissioning high quality providers with strong performance against the CCG Improvement and Assessment Framework in many of the clinical and other domain areas.  An exciting opportunity has arisen to become part of the wider Portfolio Management Office (PMO) team as a Project Coordinator on a fixed term contract til March 2020 with a possibility of this being extended further. Working as part of the recently established Portfolio Management structure you will be responsible for co-ordinating a group of projects providing structured support and helping to enable project delivery. The PMO team works with Commissioning Delivery Teams to provide agile delivery support alongside monitoring and reporting progress to provide assurance to the CCG's Senior Management.  For more information please contact Laura Giles on laura.giles6@nhs.net    To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Morpeth"	NA	NA	-1.686301	55.1717715
"88"	88	"Hygiene Operative"	" Country Style Foods, a fast paced food manufacturing Company, are currently seeking to recruit Hygiene Operatives to join our Newcastle site. Although no experience is necessary, we are looking for dynamic individuals who are driven, reliable, flexible and committed to performing a designated role within the production department ensuring they contribute to the efficient, effective and safe running of their area in order to fulfil the needs of the business. Immediate start dates are available. Full training will be given. A variety of shifts are also available. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"89"	89	"Furniture Inspection Assistants"	" Furniture Inspection Assistants  Excellent salary & benefits package, basic £20,000 plus performance bonuses  Working 5 days out of 7, including some weekend work.  Shift patterns on a rota basis - 6am - 3pm and 1pm - 10pm  Furniture Village Gateshead  Our success at Furniture Village is built on providing an outstanding customer experience. That’s why our staff are our greatest asset. We really value our team of caring and passionate people who are prepared to do whatever it takes to make the customer’s journey a worthwhile one, every time.  We’re looking for a Distribution Assistant with an eye for detail to assist the General Manager & Assistant Distribution Manager in running this warehouse in the North East  You must have a positive attitude, experience in representing a quality brand and have a passion for on time delivery from the outset. You will have excellent verbal communication and interpersonal skills with a willingness to be flexible and to react with unexpected situations in the appropriate manner.  As an independent business, we are expanding fast, with over 50 stores and 19 distribution centres, and more in the pipeline. If you believe you have what it takes and are passionate about pursuing a career in retail, this is your opportunity to grow with us.  Some key aspects of the role:  Check goods & prepare them for delivery.  Complete minor repairs where identified  Process damaged & faulty goods in line with Company procedures.  Provide cover on delivery vehicles as required.  Be familiar with the basic requirements of the HASAWA  Some experience of administration work would also be an advantage  You will have a strong commitment to customer service.  Some experience in Furniture Repair would be an advantage.  In return, you will receive:  An excellent salary and benefits package  Holiday – 28 days inc Bank Holidays standard, rising to 33 days after 5 years of service i.e 1 day for each additional year  Company pension scheme  Permanent Health Insurance and Death in Service benefit – automatic, non -contributory, after 1 years’ service  Staff purchases and Friends & Family discount – after 6 months’ service  Long service – 10 and 20 years of service currently recognised  Childcare Vouchers  An opportunity to develop and grow with Furniture Village  Full Training will be given  Please note:  You should only apply for this position if you can fully commit yourself to flexible working hours. Otherwise, we may be unable to proceed with your application.  In the event of there being an exceptionally large response to the advertised position, we reserve the right to close the application process early.  Furniture Village is an equal opportunities employer and all offers of employment are made solely on merit. "	"Gateshead "	"Permanent"	"£20,000 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"90"	90	"School Research Officer"	"Closing date - 31 May 2019 Based within the research and finance team within the School of Geography, Politics & Sociology, you will provide dedicated support for activities ranging across research, enterprise, learning and teaching, public engagement, and impact, with specific responsibility for research centres. Key responsibilities will include a broad range of administrative and financial tasks, including costing and processing grant applications, financial reporting, event organisation, travel booking, records maintenance, web, publicity, HR and committee support. You should demonstrate relevant administrative experience, with strong organisational, numeracy and literacy skills. Computer literacy is also essential, including high levels of competency with the Office range of software. Duties will include liaising with colleagues within the University, collaborators and other stakeholders, therefore you will be expected to demonstrate excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Informal enquiries may be directed to Tom Martin at tom.martin@newcastle.ac.uk or 0191 20 88534. Find out more about Geography, Politics and Sociology please click on our web pages below: https://www.ncl.ac.uk/gps/ http://www.ncl.ac.uk/peals/ https://www.ncl.ac.uk/curds/ Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices. Click here to view the full job description"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£21,414 - £22,658 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"91"	91	"3566 Waste Resources Operative Apprentice"	"Do you enjoy working outdoors? Do you relish the opportunity to join a valued team that provides an essential service to our residents and businesses?  We are looking for enthusiastic, highly motivated and well organised individuals to join our refuse collection service as a Waste Resource Operative Apprentice. Working within a close knit team you will be responsible for collecting and removing recyclable material and waste from residential, industrial, commercial and educational properties in all types of weather. You will also gain an understanding of the principles of waste and recycling.  The role will involve working outside and will require an element of physical work and a lot of daily walking. Being helpful, courteous and respectful to both customers and colleagues is also essential.  You will be working towards a Level 2 Waste Resources Operative qualification.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"92"	92	"Administrative Assistant - Level 2"	"   Required as soon as possible  Hours of Work: 8.30 am - 12.30 pm, Monday to Friday  We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and well-motivated Administrative Assistant to this permanent post. You will work under the direction/instruction of our Finance Officer to provide routine general clerical, administrative and financial support to the school.  South Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. We expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment and an Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant pre-employment checks.  This is a re-advertised post, previous applicants are welcome to apply.  Monkton Junior School is the Employer.  Application packs are available from our website www.monktonjuniors.co.uk Applications are to be returned to Mrs E Anderson, Academy Finance Officer, Monkton Junior School, Dame Flora Robson Way, South Shields, Tyne and Wear, NE34 9RD or e-mail: office@monktonjuniors.co.uk by Noon on Monday 3 June 2019.   "	"South Tyneside"	NA	"£19,171 a year"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"93"	93	"Trainee Pharmacy Advisor (Trainee…"	" The importance of your role. Fantastic customer care is at the heart of everything we do, and as a Trainee Pharmacy Advisor you’ll be part of helping patients feel good. It’s everything from the clear advice and care you offer them, to the wide ranges of dispensing services we provide. Within Boots we have Trainee Pharmacy Advisors and this is sometimes known as a Trainee Dispenser. To provide fantastic patient care as a Trainee Pharmacy Advisor you will work across the healthcare counter and the dispensary to where the patients need you most. This is a great opportunity to develop your pharmacy career and make a difference to the lives of our patients.How will you do it? With different types of pharmacies all over the UK, we’re giving patients the very best care and attention with the services we offer. You will be learning how to provide healthy lifestyle advice and health services to our patients through great conversations as well as delivering the technical aspects of supplying medicines. This is often a fast paced environment, and you will interact with many different people, and will be a core member of the pharmacy and healthcare team.What you’ll be doing day to day It’s all about providing health advice through focussed conversations with our patients, whilst giving clear and accurate answers. Your duties will include: Learning how to tailor conversations with every customer to ensure they leave your pharmacy feeling informed and confident about their healthcare needs  Working towards delivering the technical aspects of the dispensary whilst ensuring the safe supply of medicines e.g. ordering medicines, labelling, dispensing, endorsing and collection of prescriptions.  Complying with legal and professional requirements and accepted guidance on professional practice in Boots.  Seeking opportunities to engage with GPs and practice teams to drive services and items.  Working towards delivering efficient dispensary operations and ensuring dispensing losses are minimised.  What you’ll need to have. Click here to explore how your Pharmacy career can progress with us… We’re offering you an exciting career opportunity and a chance to continue your professional journey. You will need to be prepared to work towards an NVQ Level 2 equivalent in Pharmacy Services to join us. But it isn’t just about experience or knowledge, we’re looking for people with a genuine passion for customer care, and who will be ambassadors for healthcare in our stores. You will have the ability to build strong relationships with patients and your team, and will be able to understand individual patient needs and tailor your support and advice appropriately. You will have the ability to advise patients with confidence and accuracy whilst remaining customer focussed. If you are interested in further developing your professional career, we can support you towards achieving both competency and knowledge based NVQ Level 3 (QCF) Pharmacy Services qualification to become eligible to register with the GPhc as a Pharmacy Technician. This could then lead to an Accuracy Checking Pharmacy Technician (ACPT) role. As you continue to develop your healthcare knowledge through these qualifications and roles, your pay and benefits will reflect this. Excitingly, this is just one of several routes your career could take you within Boots!"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Contract"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"94"	94	"Community Engagement Tutor"	"Background  At Northern Learning Trust we aim to improve the potential and raise the aspiration of people through learning. Much of our work is with vulnerable and disadvantaged people and communities with complex needs. We use informal learning and mentoring to build confidence and skills, and help people find solutions to their problems.  We have recently been successful in securing funding from the European Social Fund through North of Tyne Community Led Local Development (CLLD), to deliver a Learning Hive in the Blakelaw area of Newcastle and are seeking a highly motivated Community Engagement Tutor to deliver the project. You will be a fully qualified tutor, experienced in working with learners who face multiple barriers to learning and with a genuine desire to help people improve their lives through learning.  We are passionate about the work we do and need a person who understands our values and believes in our mission. In return we offer you the opportunity to join a forward thinking and supportive organisation at an exciting stage in its development. We value our team members and offer a competitive salary, flexible working patterns and a friendly, supportive work environment.  Job Purpose  To provide high quality, bespoke community learning opportunities which enable people to improve their employment prospects and make progress towards financial stability. Main duties and responsibilities:The Community Engagement Tutor will:Engage with local communities, individuals and organisations to promote the service and recruit participants to the project to ensure that engagement and progression targets are met. Provide bespoke, one to one and small group support to learners to enable them to utilise ICT effectively to search and apply for jobs and further learning or training opportunities. Manage, plan and deliver learning programmes in a variety of formats e.g. 1:1 tuition, group work, roll on – roll off Ensure all delivery evidence is complete and compliant in line with contract and quality standards and that all customer records are accurate and handled in accordance with appropriate confidentiality and data protection legislation and guidance Achieve a range of set quantitative and qualitative targets using a case load management approach, utilising the customer management system effectively Take a proactive approach to developing working relationships with colleagues and other professionals including provision of feedback, agreeing priorities and reviewing arrangements. Undertake a range of activities to increase participation of the Trust’s target client groups in learning. Identify progression routes for clients into further learning opportunities or employment Recruit and train volunteers to increase capacity within the Learning Hive Effectively promote the ethos and values of Northern Learning Trust Provide written and/or oral reports as required by the Trust and commissioners Attend any relevant conferences or training events to further the organisation’s and individual’s knowledge and skills and disseminate, if appropriate Commit to CPD as necessary in order to support a high standard of delivery Any other duties commensurate with the role as required Closing Date: Friday 31st May 2019 Interviews will be held Monday 10th June"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Permanent"	"£22,660 - £25,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"95"	95	"TUI Retail Travel Advisor, 26 Hours"	"   Joining the TUI Retail Team as a part time Travel Advisor, we will help you become a destination expert so that you can recommend and sell holidays and additional products such as airport hotels, parking and excursions to enhance our Customers experience. You will put all customers at the heart of our business and constantly ‘go the extra smile’ by creating unforgettable holiday experiences that make us famous for service and create customers for life. This role has variable shift patterns each week which include Evenings & Weekends. In return for your flexibility you’ll usually know your shift pattern 4 weeks in advance. TUI Group is the world’s number one integrated tourism business. We continue to build a single customer facing team across our airline, contact centre, overseas and retail service teams that will deliver a consistent, contemporary service to every single customer. Joining us will not only provide opportunities for you to grow your career, but the benefits of being part of an exciting multi-cultural united team.  What you will be doing  As a TUI Retail Travel Advisor you will help to create unforgettable holidays for all of our customers with your personality, professionalism and personalised service. You will understand our customers and adapt your style using information provided to help you find ways to improve customer satisfaction and loyalty. Your knowledge will help us collaborate and answer questions for our international colleagues and customers. There will be modern technology to work with so you can discuss, recommend and sell suitable products and services, and promote and assist our customers to self-serve online. You will inspire and respect your colleagues whilst sharing a great amount of fun. If things do not go quite right, you will be pro-active and confident to investigate and resolve every question or complaint straight away. You will enjoy change and challenges taking opportunities to assist with incidents and emergencies, but regardless you will always ‘go the extra smile’. Your desire to achieve will lead you to exceed your company, sales and service targets. In addition to TUI and First Choice, your scope will include our range of Cruise, UK and other exciting holiday products and with these comes a varied administration role. Finally, you will be comfortable to handle multiple currencies and comply with the procedures, upkeep and responsibilities of operating your local shop.  What we are looking for  Should you be under 18 and applying for a role in England you will be required to be in part time education or voluntary work and including your paid employment both responsibilities cannot exceed 40 hours a week, proof of this will be required  A customer driven and positive individual with a passion for delivering contemporary service  Confident and fun personality with a strong commitment to achieve targets and overcome challenges  Willing to engage and collaborate at all times with customers and colleagues of varying nationalities  The highest personal standards and pride in attitudes and behaviours displayed  A passion to work within tourism and actively grow and share knowledge  Working within TUI group  Be Yourself… Be Unique! TUI’s more than a brand, it’s who we are. Trusted – Unique – Inspiring.   We’re the leading tourism business with diverse customers and over 67,000 employees. Together, we embrace different continents and cultures. We believe travel broadens the mind. Just like our customers, we’re on a journey, of development towards a more digital, connected and integrated future. But we haven’t arrived there yet. We believe that differences drive innovation and we’re encouraging an environment where diverse talent thrives. Inclusion is fundamental to everything that we achieve and it’s our unique colleagues that will shape the future of travel.   The TUI Group includes our unique hotel portfolio, our cruise ships, our own aircraft, tour operators, travel agencies. TUI is the UK’s largest tour operator with key brands including TUI, First Choice, Marella Cruises and Crystal Ski Holidays. Our airline is the country's third largest with 62 aircraft operating to over 88 destinations in 30 countries. We have a team of more than 10,000 employees serving over 5.5 million customers each year.   Join us now and you can look forward to a competitive salary, pension scheme and further benefits such as generous holiday discounts, excellent rates with foreign exchange and discounts with retailers.   "	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"96"	96	"DTM North East"	"   Introduction     We are transforming; by 2020 we will set the standard for rail travel in the North and beyond. With a £1 billion investment in transforming our business and rail travel, these are exciting times and a great time to join us.  We’re one of the UK’s largest train operating companies and our franchise began on 1 April 2016, running for 9 years. Northern is owned by Arriva Group (backed by Deutsche Bahn). Northern plays a vital role in the north of England by connecting tens of thousands of people, to work, leisure and education. Our aim is to connect people to opportunities by providing a reliable and friendly train service. We have made significant progress since we started but there is much more that we want to achieve and you can be a part of it.     Responsibilities   Grade: DTM  Location: North East  Salary: £55,666 - £62,310    This vacancy is a superb opportunity to join the North East leadership team at an exciting time of change. The post-holder will have a key role in supporting, developing and engaging our people whilst achieving our operational, cultural, commercial, customer and safety objectives.  Primarily based at Newcastle but providing support to the wider management team at Newcastle, Darlington, Middlesbrough and Carlisle: reporting directly to the Operations Manager North East; you will ensure the delivery of key area initiatives working collaboratively with colleagues at all levels to achieve KPI targets.   Qualifications    We are looking for a dynamic and highly motivated individual with great problem solving and excellent communication skills.   You must have the resilience to work in a challenging and fast paced environment and be able to inspire front line teams to optimise business performance. You will foster, promote and embed our culture, values and behaviours throughout your team.   You will be directly responsible for all aspects of people management so a knowledge of HR policies and H&S legislation is essential.   This is a highly demanding but rewarding role in which you will be tasked to deliver in a constantly changing and highly unionised environment.   To be a success in this role you will need to have: Excellent interpersonal and people management skills Ability to manage a number of conflicting priorities at the same time Current and extensive train driving experience  Excellent written communication Thorough knowledge of link structure and rostering principles The ability to use Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint A full UK driving licence Ability to fulfil on call commitments   This role is safety critical.   If you feel you have the passion to make a difference and want to be part of a fast paced team then we would love to hear from you.   For further information about the role contact Keith Anderson Operations Manager on 07764796174      Job Summary   Position:  DTM North East   Company:  Arriva   Location:  Newcastle Upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, United Kingdom   Job Group:  Rail Transport   Type of Contract:  Full Time   Ref #:  R-006764     "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£55,666 - £62,310 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"97"	97	"Graduate Fashion Designer"	" Graduate Fashion Designer  The Graduate Designer will report to the Senior Designer and be responsible for completing extensive trend research and competitive shopping reports, along side assisting the design team with various briefs across womenswear, menswear and childrens wear. The Role :  You will support and assist the design team on a daily basis following objectives and design direction. You will assist the design team with tech packs, colour matching and measuring where necessary. You will use trend information (from catwalks, magazines and websites) to compile seasonal mood boards & develop key trends across multiple products. You will be responsible for compiling weekly ‘new-in’ reports, tracking the newest product from key high street retailers both in UK and internationally. You will be responsible for weekly trend reports, looking at key social media platforms You will be responsible for updating the sample tracker as developments arrive into the business, flagging to senior members of team when samples are late. You will be responsible for the organisation of the design area and showroom ensuring all areas are neat & presentable ahead of customer meetings. You will be flexible with work duties and hours as required by the team and business, and be able to attend customer meetings for which travel may be required. Core skills requirments:  You will have a fashion related degree. Strong Technical drawing skills using Adobe Illustrator. The ability to communicate effectively with cross-functional teams. A strong creative flair with a keen eye for detail. Knowledge of garment make-up and production methods Strong trend awareness and an understanding of how to translate fashion trends into commercial products. Ability to generate product ranges for a variety of customers. Excellent organization skills and a working knowledge of Microsoft packages. Excellent time management skills and the ability to work under pressure and within tight deadlines. Must be able to follow instructions and deliver work following instruction and willing to respond to constructive feedback. A strong team player with a positive, resilient attitude and hunger to learn. Please note that due to the anticipated interest in this position only short listed candidates will be contacted Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Education: Bachelor's (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Gateshead "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"98"	98	"Parcel Delivery Driver"	" AFS are a dynamic and rapidly expanding Logistics and Technology Business. We partner with the world’s leading on-line Retailer and enjoy partnerships with other large commercial carriers and Retailers. If you would like to be part of a Delivery Team that is focused on delivering great customer Service and being part of a motivated team, we offer job security and career development for hardworking motivated delivery drivers. What we can offer you includes: Minimum earnings of £114 per day. Maximum earnings of £144 per day through access to both Personal and Team Bonus schemes. Access to other AFS commercial work A new fully insured tracked and Branded van. Owner Drivers also welcome to apply. Business miles covered with fuel card. Full training and development Weekly pay by BAC's transfer to your bank Career progression for motivated and talented team members. What we require from you: To Register as Self-Employed. A full UK driving license (maximum of 6 penalty points). 2 years driving experience. Available for weekend work where required. Successful candidates will be subject to; Full Criminal Back-Ground check before start date. Initial and ongoing Drug & Alcohol screenings. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £25,000.00 to £35,000.00 /year We’re an equal opportunity Contractor. All applicants will be considered for Sub-Contractor work without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status Job Type: Full-time Salary: £25,000.00 to £35,000.00 /year Licence: A maximum of 6 penalty points (Preferred) Over the age of 25 (Preferred) A minimum of 2 years driving experience (Preferred) "	"Sunderland"	NA	"£25,000 - £35,000 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"99"	99	"Growth Hub Connector"	"37 hours per week Fixed term until December 2021  The North East Local Enterprise Partnership works to deliver more and better jobs for everyone.  We are responsible for delivering the North East Strategic Economic Plan, to influence and shape the continued economic growth of the area. As part of the Strategic Economic Plan, we have an ambitious business growth programme to help us create more and better jobs which focuses on the opportunities in the North East LEP area to drive business growth through start-up, scale-up and inward investment.  It is widely recognised that for the economy to make a step change in growth we need to increase the number of businesses and the number of businesses which trade, innovate and grow. We also need to increase the density of fast-growing businesses. High growth small businesses have very significant economic and employment impacts on our economy.  Therefore, our goal is to increase the number of scale up businesses in the area by 50% and creating an addition 6,000 jobs. You can find out more about our work at www.northeastlep.co.uk or follow @northeastlep.  The North East Growth Hub is at the core of the programme. Through the provision of one-to-one support most often at client premises, our Growth Hub Connectors encourage small to medium-sized businesses to adopt the business support and finance services that will support their growth and improvement.  We are now looking to recruit a fourth connector with experience of working with entrepreneurs and high growth companies to complement our existing connector team specialisms and to roll out our new Growth Hub High Potential Start-up Programme. This is a fixed term contract to 31 December 2021.  The North East Combined Authority provides a robust and accountable structure for the area and provides the accountable body arrangements for the North East Local Enterprise Partnership. Salary: £31,371 to £34,788 depending on experience Host Employer: North East Combined Authority Closing date: Noon on 31 May 2019 Interviews to be held on: 7 June 2019  Many businesses find the business support and finance landscape confusing. They are often sceptical about the benefits support will deliver and are often unsure about which options will best fulfil their needs.  Our Growth Hub Connectors do not deliver support directly. They manage introductions to the business support and finance providers who can help businesses to realise their growth potential. Growth Hub Connectors are independent brokers of business support and are driven solely by the needs of small and medium-sized businesses. Adopting an independent, impartial and objective approach, our Connectors work on a one-to-one basis with businesses to understand their opportunities and barriers to growth and improvement. They motivate businesses to engage with business support through helping them to understand the benefits they can expect to receive in exchange for their investment of time and money, pinpointing to the solutions that will support businesses to achieve their ambitions for growth and improvement.  This Growth Hub Connector role will lead the development and management of relationships with stakeholders who can support the identification, formation and growth of high growth potential start-ups, as required for the High Growth Potential Start-Up programme in the North East Local Enterprise Partnership area.  We are seeking an experienced individual with commercial experience who can work strategically both with entrepreneurs and business people, and with business support and finance partners. The successful candidate will have good communication and interpersonal skills, coupled with a good knowledge of the drivers and barriers of business growth and improvement and an understanding of the business and enterprise support sector. Ideally, we’re looking for a candidate with proven business development, sales or account management experience and with experience of working with entrepreneurs, start-up businesses and high growth businesses.  For an informal conversation please contact Helen Lee, Mentoring and Brokerage Manager on 0191 561 5451. Interviews to be held: 7 June 2019.  Apply online at www.northeastjobs.org.uk."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£31,371 - £34,788 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"100"	100	"General Labourer"	" Labourer needed for strip out of a bank. Must have a valid CSCS card. Duration: 1 week. £9.25 per hour. Job Type: Temporary Experience: construction: 1 year (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Ponteland"	"Temporary"	"£9.25 an hour"	-1.7446032	55.053005
"101"	101	"Cleaners (3 posts)"	" Cleaners (3 posts) Ref: SNT1677(e) N1: £17,364 per annum, pro rata. (Actual: £6,570 per annum).  This school has Academy status and is part of the SMART Multi Academy Trust; the employer will be the Multi Academy Trust. Kingston Park Primary School Cranleigh Avenue Kingston Park Newcastle upon Tyne NE3 2EL. Fixed term until 31 August 2020 Part time - 14 hours per week Hours: Monday to Thursday 3.30pm - 6.30pm Friday: 3.30pm - 5.30pm. You will be responsible for the cleaning of designated areas, in accordance with agreed specifications and including fixtures and fittings, including -Emptying waste bins and removing waste to the designated area. Washing with mops and cloths. Sweeping with brushes and sweeping mops. Vacuum cleaning. Dusting. Adhoc duties as required.  Smart Multi Academy Trust is strongly committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. The successful applicants will be required to obtain an Enhanced Certificate of Disclosure from the DBS and satisfy range of pre-employment checks. Please note that in all cases written references will be taken up and made available to interviewers BEFORE the final selection stage; even if you indicate otherwise. Application packs are available to download from the school website at: www.kingstonpk.newcastle.sch.uk and should be returned to Mrs. Jayne Evans, Headteacher at the above address. Closing date - Tuesday 4 June 2019.  Fixed Term "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£17,364 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"102"	102	"Storeman"	" Overview / Responsibilities    Job title: StoremanRef No: 15623Location: TeessideProject: LuciteDuration: 5 Weeks    Start: May 2019     Purpose / Role To provide the skills and aptitude needed to carry out storeman duties to a high quality in accordance with project / company requirements, standards and procedures.    Prime responsibilities and duties Good understanding of the materials control function including receipt, storage, issue and movement of materials.   Provide support to the stores teams to perform safe and effective duties in line with company procedures.   Follow the instructions communicated by the material controller / senior storeman or Supervisor (whatever applicable).   Support all workscope in accordance with applicable workpack/jobcard instructions, associated procedures and drawings / sketches.   Providing it is within the storeman ability, deal with any minor issue that prevents completion of the task   Provide timely feedback to supervisor of ongoing status or completion of the task.   Proactively seek additional tasks where time permits.   Participate appropriate pre task Risk Assessments in order to complete workscope in a safe and controlled manner.   Adhere to all applicable company policies, working practices and procedures as communicated by the company from time to time.   If required by contract forklift driving (Must have applicable licence).   Adhere to the terms and conditions of employment along with any applicable collective agreements.   Experiance required:   Ability to tag materials and componants. Ability to read Isometric and Mechanical Drawings   Qualifications/TrainingEssential: Wood mandatory training, induction, risk awareness, etc CCNSG safety passport  Company Overview   Wood is a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and technical services to energy and industrial markets. We operate in more than 60 countries, employing around 60,000 people, with revenues of over $10 billion. We provide performance-driven solutions throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to decommissioning across a broad range of industrial markets, including the upstream, midstream and downstream oil & gas, power & process, environment and infrastructure, clean energy, mining, nuclear, and general industrial sectors. www.woodplc.com  Diversity Statement (EEO)  We are an equal opportunity employer that recognises the value of a diverse workforce. All suitably qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective criteria and without regard to the following (which is a non-exhaustive list): race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the relevant governing laws. "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"103"	103	"Host Nights"	" Due to the Newcastle Roomzzz expanding and an internal promotion we are looking for a Host (Nights) to join our team. About us Combining the style of a boutique hotel with the convenience of a serviced apartment, we are not your typical hotel, our guests enjoy all the benefits of a normal hotel with added extras such as a free grab and go breakfast. Our Aparthotels can be found in new or adapted buildings typically in key cities and close to transport links. Your Role To maintain a high level of awareness of current hotel operations to be able to deal with telephone enquiries efficiently. To answer telephones promptly and correctly to maximise business and minimise guest frustration. To have a full understanding of Roomzzz Brand standards and all areas of operation throughout the hotel. Understand the hotel fire and bomb procedure and act as a competent person in the event of an emergency. To fully understand the security procedures throughout the hotel. To have excellent personal presentation and adhere to the company standards of appearance at all times. To maintain high levels of energy, enthusiasm and commitment to every task undertaken. To have a flexible approach to the hours you are required to work. Requirements Experience in a similar role Excellent customer service skills Strong communication skills both written and verbal A positive attitude Team player Please be aware this position is Nights 7pm- 7am and you will be required to work weekends. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,120.00 /year Experience: Hotel: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£18,120 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"104"	104	"Spa & Leisure Receptionist"	" First impressions count. Let’s take things back to basics: all anyone wants when they check into our Spa and Leisure Club is a warm, bright smile and a calm greeting. They want someone who works efficiently but who is also willing to pull a few strings to make their experience exceptional. Is this you? Great! What will I be responsible for as a Spa and Leisure Receptionist? As Spa & Leisure Receptionist, you're the one to ensure our customers feel welcome and at ease the moment they come through the door. Whether they visit the gym, have a personal training session, or a day of relaxation and spa pampering planned, it's your warm and friendly greeting that sets the tone for our customer’s experience – one we want to ensure is simply marvellous. You'll take treatment bookings and payments, answer membership and treatment enquiries and work closely with the therapy team to ensure a busy day runs like clockwork in our spa. You'll also support your manager to maximise revenue through proactive product sales and careful treatment diary management. If you have an NVQ Level 2 in Beauty Therapy you might even help out if we are under pressure by covering a treatment here and there! A great way of developing your spa career! I*s this Spa and Leisure Receptionist role right for me?* The Spa and Leisure Receptionist we’re looking for will have a genuine passion for exceptional customer service, a bright and contagious smile and the desire to go the extra mile where possible to make someone’s day. Being able to keep guests and your team happy sometimes means you creatively think on your feet and that’s why you’ve got to love change – you’ll know as well as we do that no two days in hospitality are the same! If you’re looking for that next step in an exciting and ever-expanding company, and if you read this and think, ‘Huh! That’s just like me!’ – get in touch! What does it mean to work at Slaley Hall? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s in it for you? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Type: Part-time "	"Slaley"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"105"	105	"Systems Administrator"	" We need an experienced full-stack problem solver RapidTechSolutions is currently recruiting a Systems Administrator to join RapidTechHosting, a RapidTechSolutions company. RapidTechHosting needs individuals with a high level of operating system management knowledge and troubleshooting experience for the Managed Hosting. System Administrators are responsible for monitoring and maintaining customer environments, up time, backups, software installations, architecture reviews, and other regular tasks. Teamwork is a key requirement to success in this position. We look for individual initiative and independent thought and will provide a great opportunity and fast-paced workplace.  Responsibilities Customer facing support; working tickets for customer outages and problems; working with the customers to develop, design, update, and implement new and current solutions; a strong will to provide perfection with customer service at a high level to obtain 100% Complete Satisfaction; a positive, hardworking, can-do attitude to compliment a fast-paced, growing environment; promptness, thoroughness, and attention to detail. Other duties may be required.  Must be willing to work the evening shift  Deploy and provide day to day support of complex Linux and Windows environments  Ensure customer uptime and performance through monitoring, proactive support, maintenance, and utilization of best practices  Review and analyse data including trending and core metrics to build sound change recommendations to meet customer needs  Establish lasting professional relationships with each customer through frequent communication and consistent demonstration of proficiency in Linux, Windows, and other related technologies   Required  Basic knowledge in Linux English: Fluent  Experience  Ideally 2 — 4 years experience in a web hosting agency environment working in large teams.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"106"	106	"Courier Driver"	"Courier drivers wanted. Will be mainly working in NE, SR and DH postcodes but could cover routes in TS and DL postcodes, doing same day deliveries etc. There will be a stringent vetting process so no one with CCJ's or bankruptcy need apply. Employment will not start until you pass the vetting process."	"North East"	"Permanent"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"107"	107	"Operations & Quality Improvement Coordinator - NCFE Apprenticeship Services"	"  Overview   Operations & Quality Improvement Coordinator - NCFE Apprenticeship Services  Contract: Permanent  Location: Homebased (Required to visit Newcastle Head Office every 2 months)  Salary: Up to £34,500   Job Description   NCFE Apprenticeship Services is leading the way in end-point assessment. Part of the wider NCFE Group and one of the UK’s fastest growing, most innovative qualification awarding organisations, we are looking for an Operations & Quality Improvement Coordinator to join our team.  A bit about the job…  The Operations & Quality Improvement Coordinator Support the Operations Manager and delivery teams to improve operational performance, productivity and efficiency through performance and quality monitoring and management  Lead and facilitate quality improvement activities across the business, demonstrating clear and positive impact on compliance, quality and service metrics.  Monitor performance against Service Level Agreement (SLA) Key Performance Indicators and other agreed quality measures, identifying performance trends, sharing best practice and implementing improvement plans where required.   A bit about you…  You will have a high level of attention detail and be accuracy orientated. A self-motivator who is passionate about making a difference in the field of apprenticeships. An organised individual with the ability to flex across demands and manage deadlines.  Skills & Knowledge  Knowledge and skills in driving/facilitating operational performance and quality improvements  Skilled in leading and co-ordinating people development activity to contribute to performance improvements  Knowledge of EPA assessment activities and methodologies  Understanding of the changes from apprenticeship frameworks to standards  Prioritising and processing large volumes of work whilst maintaining accuracy  Well organised and able to support multiple team members  Full knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite  Have excellent time management and organisational skills and are able to work independently  Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Have an understanding of Ofqual requirements and any other regulators including Industry bodies   A bit about us…  NCFE Apprenticeship Services is an approved End Point Assessment Organisation (approved by Education and Skills Funding Agency - ESFA) to deliver end-point assessment across a range of Apprenticeship standards. Our primary goal is to drive the quality of apprenticeships by:-  Improving outcomes through reliable, expert assessment services  Building value through enhancing the integrity of Apprenticeships  Making a positive difference for both the apprentices and businesses we support   Why join us now?  A competitive salary and benefits package.  Joining a passionate team with a sense of humour.  Daily inspiration of exposure to lots of interesting and passionate people who work for us.  ‘That Friday feeling’ - all our employees work Monday to Friday 37 hours and have their  weekends off.  Festive Cheer – an additional 3 days off at Christmas.  Interested? Here’s what you need to know…  If you would like to find out more or apply to become our Operations & Quality Improvement Coordinator, we would love to hear from you! Please apply online directly through our website by uploading your current CV and covering letter as one document highlighting your skills and experience which make you suitable for this role.  The closing date for this vacancy is Friday 31st May    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Apprenticeship"	"£34,500 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"108"	108	"Apprenticeship 2019 - KPMG360 - Business Services"	" Programme: Apprenticeship 2019 - KPMG360 - Business Services Job Function: KPMG360 - Business Services Location: Newcastle Upon Tyne Country: UK Intake Year: 2019  Our people are at the heart of our continued success. Being part of KPMG is being part of a community of talented and innovative people, working together to have a positive, lasting impact on clients. No one type of person succeeds at KPMG; a diverse business requires diverse personalities, characters and perspectives. Whoever you are, there is a place for you here.  About the programme  At KPMG you'll join a talented team of inspiring colleagues who bring new ideas and a natural curiosity to the work they do each day. Right from the start, you’ll experience working with a variety of interesting projects, whilst receiving the support you need to thrive.  KPMG360° Business Services is a two-year apprenticeship programme that combines academic study with practical work experience with teams across the firm. At the same time, you’ll gain a recognised qualification and develop professional skills whilst earning a salary. Business Services is the engine room of KPMG, supporting our business through a variety of specialist areas, including Business Support, Resourcing, Recruitment, Facilities and Learning. It is an innovative, agile and collaborative function that supports our client-facing colleagues in the delivery of quality services to our clients.  You will be fully supported throughout the programme with guidance from the Student Programmes and Professional Qualification teams and our external training provider. Upon successful completion, you will be supported to transition into a permanent opportunity at KPMG.  Responsibilities and tasks  Those joining our regional offices will be based within our Business Support Group, fulfilling the role of team administrator. Throughout your two year programme, you’ll gain exposure to our Business Services teams through varied projects and work shadowing opportunities. Responsibilities will include: Becoming an integral part of the team. Networking and developing relationships internally Developing commercial awareness, communication, team-work, and business skills Embracing new ideas and approaches, seeking out new responsibilities and proactively getting involved with a wide range of work Displaying an understanding of KPMG’s values and demonstrating behaviours that inspire the trust and confidence of team members You will take on tasks that directly add value to our business. Work will vary from placement to placement, but could include: Preparation of reports, presentations and meetings Organising business travel, accommodation and events Managing queries from internal and external clients Management of internal databases and archive records Training, support and development towards  Your Professional Qualifications  What are we looking for you to show us?  During the recruitment process, you will need to demonstrate KPMG's Behavioural Capabilities. By this, we mean the skills and behaviours that every person here at KPMG shares. To us, ‘behaviours’ are more than the way you act – they represent the set of values that underpin our business. KPMG's Behavioural Capabilities are:Career Motivation Delivers Quality Drives Collaboration and Inclusion Strives for Continual Improvement Exercises Professional Judgement Makes an Impact Seizes Business Opportunities Demonstrates Innovation and Curiosity Resilience  Further information on these behaviours can be found at www.kpmgcareers.co.uk/behaviouralcapabilities  Training, support and development towards Your Professional Qualifications  The Level 3 Apprenticeship in Business Administration will provide you with: At least 20% of your time dedicated to off-the-job learning Transferable knowledge and skills; including decision making, record and document production, planning and organising, project management and assessment preparation. Knowledge modules covering the following key topics: Understanding Business Regulation, Policies and Processes Personal Development Project and Stakeholder Management  What do we look for?  We look for more than just your academic results. This wider perspective helps us ensure that we are giving you the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential to us.  As a general rule, you will be required to meet the following requirements: 5 GCSEs Grades A*-C or equivalent (including Maths and English Language) Knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel & Word  Scottish Entry Requirements A minimum of five Standard Grades at grades 1 – 3 which must include Maths and English (or equivalent Intermediate/National 5 qualification).  Your KPMG Experience  At KPMG, your long-term future is every bit as important to us as it is to you. That’s why our aim is to give you experiences that will stay with you for a lifetime. Whether it’s great training and development, the chance to work with a wide range of clients or volunteering opportunities - you’ll gain a wealth of experiences on which to build a rewarding career. We’re proud of our culture – it’s one that recognises hard work, encourages new ways of thinking and embraces diversity and inclusion. We also have an innovative spirit which inspires what we do and how we do it – striving to be better lies at the heart of who we are.  We’re at our best when you’re at your best – that’s why we’ve created ‘Our Deal’ and ‘The Academy’. They’re our way of recognising and rewarding our colleagues for giving their best at work. Through ‘The Academy’, you’ll have access to communities which will support and develop you so that you build your skills and career. From preferential banking to your birthday off, we’re making sure that our people have an amazing experience.  Applying with a Disability  KPMG are proud to be an inclusive, equal opportunity employer and we seek to attract and retain the best people from the widest possible talent pool. As a member of The Employers’ Forum on Disability we’re committed to ensuring that all candidates are treated fairly throughout the Recruitment Process. Should you be successful after the initial application stage, please discuss with your recruitment contact any reasonable adjustments to our Recruitment Process that you may require. KPMG’s commitment to diversity: KPMG consistently features in the Sunday Times Best Big Companies to work for, which has been recognised with a special achievement award to mark our 10 years in the Top 25. We pride ourselves on being a place where your individuality is valued; you can be yourself and still achieve your potential. We believe that your individuality helps us to deliver the best results to our clients. Diversity of background, diversity of experience, diversity of perspective - that's the KPMG difference. But, don't take our word for it, find out more about diversity at KPMG here .  Policy for Agencies KPMG has a commitment to sourcing candidates directly and as such we do not accept speculative CV’s from agencies. Please check here to see our policy on agencies: Policy"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"109"	109	"DBS183/19 Inclusion, Guidance and Pastoral Support Officer - Monkseaton High School"	"We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic, reliable, self-motivated and flexible individual to work with and supervise students within our Inclusion room. This is an exciting opportunity to join our team of staff in an outstanding school.  The main aspect of the role is to manage the Inclusion and Support Centre to support young people with individual needs. The successful candidate will need outstanding interpersonal skills and will work closely with students. You will also work closely with the Inclusion lead, Pastoral Raising Achievement Leaders (Heads of Year), SENDCO, subject teachers and subject Raising Achievement Leaders. Experience of working with young people with challenging behaviour and/or social and emotional issues within a school setting would be beneficial.  This is a happy school in which children enjoy their learning and staff enjoy working. The post offers an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated and committed individual that has a proven track record of working alongside others. The success of our school is built on the foundation of strong relationships and an ethos of support that underpins all that we do. There is a strong culture of mutual respect and a belief that all young people can and should be given the opportunity to achieve their full potential. The successful applicant will demonstrate such values and make an outstanding contribution to our school community.  The post is advertised at 37 hours per week and is term time only plus additional 5 days. Required to start May 2019.  Application forms and further details are available via the school website www.monkseaton.org.uk or by contacting the school on 0191 2979700  Please ensure you complete the entire application form and provide a covering letter or your application will not be considered.  Applications should be returned to the school by 10am Wednesday 29th May 2019. Your application may be submitted either electronically to: recruitment@monkseaton.org.uk or in paper form marked for the attention of Mr S Peel, School Business Manager.  Monkseaton High School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. As such an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant employment checks deemed appropriate.  This post is term time only over 195 days."	"North Tyneside"	"Permanent"	"£18,304 - £19,856 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"110"	110	"Summer Vacation Bar Staff"	" Hatfield College, in the very heart of historic and spectacular Durham, offers all the facilities and amenities to make any event an unrivalled experience. Hatfield is an intimate and self-contained collection of eighteenth-century buildings. The wonderful character of the College, the second oldest of Durham's colleges, is greatly enhanced by its view of historic Durham Cathedral. This world-famous Norman structure, along with the city's Castle, has the accolade of being a World Heritage Site. We are looking for extremely dedicated and professional bar staff to work in our college bar during the summer vacation of July, August and September period. This is is a fantastic opportunity to work in one of the country’s top university’s. Job Type: Temporary Experience: Bar: 2 years (Required)"	"Durham"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"111"	111	"Operational Administrator"	" QRS is currently seeking an Operational Administrator to join our workforce at our head office in Gateshead Tyne & Wear. The ideal candidate will be organised, flexible and able to work as part of a team within an office environment. Previous knowledge of security industry is not essential but would be an advantage. Your Role:  You will provide professional, responsive and observant support to managers during our day to day operations. The administrator’s duties are varied and may include elements of control room support as well as liaising with security officer’s and client representatives, report writing and general office support. Candidate Requirements:  Excellent communication & administration skills. Reliable with excellent time-management skills. Smart, well-groomed and confident. A commitment to providing first class customer service. A calm and direct telephone manner. Knowledge the use of Microsoft Office. In return we offer:  Full Time Employment Approx. 40 hours per week. Full and ongoing training with a view for career development including opportunities to progress. Full pension scheme and bonus opportunities. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: Administration: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Gateshead"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"112"	112	"PA to Directors"	" Ringtons are looking for a Personal Assistant to support three family brothers controlling the business, based at the head office in Byker. The role is to cover a temporary period of approximately 9 months maternity leave, commencing end July 2019. Key Responsibilities and Tasks include:  Supporting the day to day admin needs of each of the Family Directors - no two days are the same. Working closely with Non-Exec Directors, Family members and Shareholders to meet any requests/needs All aspects of administration: diary management, travel, accommodation, event planning, research, board meeting preparation, meeting and greeting clients etc. Skills Required / Essential Personal Attributes:   Communication skills are key, along with a can-do, positive attitude. Must be reliable, with excellent organisational skills, a good attention to detail and understanding of confidentiality. Experience of working as a Senior Administrator or PA. Good Microsoft Office skills (Outlook, PowerPoint, Word and Excel). Ability to work under pressure, use initiative, manage multi demands and support deadlines. Ability to understand business priorities and adapt quickly to changes. The position can be part/full time, with a minimum of 3 days required, salary dependent on skills and experience. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Experience: Microsoft Office: 2 years (Required) Senior Administrator or PA: 2 years (Required) Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"113"	113	"Purchasing Assistant / Administrator"	"Komatsu UK Ltd is based on the outskirts of Newcastle upon Tyne and was established in 1985. The Company employs over 470 people who are engaged in the design and manufacture of medium-sized hydraulic excavators.  Komatsu UK Ltd is part of the global Komatsu organisation, the world’s second largest manufacturer and supplier of construction and mining equipment which has proudly been providing high-quality reliable products for nearly a century. Komatsu’s head office is in Tokyo, and there are 228 Companies in the Global Group, in which a total of over 59,000 people are employed.  We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Purchasing Assistant to join our team. Working within our Purchasing Team you will support with managing the supply of parts for our products and assist with ensuring that our production processes operate smoothly.  The duties of the role  Issuing bills of materials and drawings;  Preparation and updating of Department key performance indicators;  Preparing and issuing shortage reports;  Raising and expediting sales issue orders;  Maintaining purchase orders;  Liaising with the onsite Logistics Company on stock enquiries, and additional requests;  Department administration tasks.  Our ideal candidate will have excellent Microsoft Office skills, preferably with experience of working with databases. You must be well organised and be able to communicate effectively at all levels, both inward and outward facing. You must also be educated to NVQ Level 3 in Business Administration or equivalent and have a high level of accuracy. Being able to achieve tight deadlines is essential as is the ability to prioritise your own workload.  Benefits  26 days annual holiday  Contributory pension scheme  Private medical insurance  On-site Company gym  Subsidised canteen.  If you think you have what it takes to join Komatsu, please click through to apply and review the full job description!"	"Chester-le-Street "	NA	"£21,081 a year"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"114"	114	"Night Porter/Auditor"	"   Posting Date May 15, 2019Job Number 19001GALJob Category Finance and AccountingLocation Newcastle Gateshead Marriott Hotel MetroCentre, Metro Centre, Newcastle, Tyne & Wear, United Kingdom VIEW ON MAPBrand Marriott Hotels Resorts /JW MarriottSchedule Full-timePosition Type Non-Management/HourlyStart Your Journey With Us   Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.   Marriott Hotels, Marriott International’s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel.   JW Marriott is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you’re happy, our guests will be happy. It’s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you’ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That’s The JW Treatment™.   Job Summary     Complete end-of-day activities including posting charges to accounts, running night audit backup, and roll the date. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Process adjustment vouchers, paid-outs, correction vouchers, and miscellaneous charges. Print contingency lists to have a record of all guests in case of emergency. Sell a room/accommodation to guests without reservations based on availability. Operate telephone switchboard station, process requests for wake up calls, and advise guest of any messages. Complete the Room Rate Variance Report. Process all guest check-ins and assign room. Activate or reissue room keys using electronic key machine. Count bank at end of shift and secure bank. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager.    Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests' service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.    Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"115"	115	"Quality Assurance Assistant"	" Overview   Permanent  Location: Newcastle upon Tyne  Hours: 37 hours per week  Salary: £17,007   Please click the following link for further information -> Job Description   NCFE, one of the UK’s fastest growing, most innovative qualification awarding organisations, is looking for a Quality Assurance Assistant.   A bit about the job…  The main priorities of this role are the approval of new and existing NCFE Centres and the monitoring and evaluation of centres through our allocation of External Quality Assurers. The role also involves the coordination of a range of Training Events for the EQA and Curriculum teams.   The job involves carrying out a range of tasks and duties under one or more of the following discrete areas of work:   Processing new and existing centre approval applications  Allocation of External Quality Assurers to carry out approval and external quality assurance reviews  Coordination and administration support of our National, Bespoke and Curriculum training events across both brands  General administration and coordination activities in support of the wider Quality Assurance team.  A bit about you…  We’re looking for someone with excellent administrative and organisational skills, who are a confident service driven communicator, with the ability to work proactively and flex across changing tasks.  Why NCFE?  A competitive salary and benefits package.  Joining a passionate team with a sense of humour.  Daily inspiration of exposure to lots of interesting and passionate people who work for us.  ‘That Friday feeling’ - all our employees work Monday to Friday 37 hours and have their weekends off.  Festive Cheer – an additional 3 days off at Christmas.  Interested? Here’s what you need to know…  If you think you have the skills to become a Quality Assurance Assistant at NCFE, we’d love to hear from you!  Apply online directly through our website with your current CV and a covering letter detailing the skills and relevant work experience which makes you suitable for the role.  Applications submitted through a jobs board only and not through our website will not be considered.   The closing date for this vacancy will be Thursday 30th May 2019.    Interviews will be held on Friday 7th June 2019.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£17,007 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"116"	116	"Adviser Customer Service"	" £16,000 - £16,500 a year Due to continued growth, we are looking to recruit a Customer Service Adviser to work in our Newcastleoffice, which although is not town centre based, we are on a main bus route from Newcastle upon Tyne. This is an office based role, working Monday to Friday, 0900 - 1700 with 30 minutes lunch. You will be expected to: - * Input data onto our in house system * Answering the telephone & helping with queries * Sourcing / using data on our system * Arranging appointments for clients * Assisting with general duties You must be: - * Confident in using the telephone * Speaking with general public and clients alike * Computer literate * Be able to think on feet & outside the box * Be able to work as part of a team In return you can expect to receive: - * Full term position from day 1 * 22 days holiday + bank holidays * Extra days holiday for time served * On going support & training * Opportunities to progress * Free on site car parking To be considered for this role please submit your CV by clicking APPLY NOW. Due to a high volume of calls, we can only accept CV applications. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £16,000.00 to £16,500.00 /year Experience: customer service: 1 year (Preferred)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred) please attach cv when apply Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Experience: customer service: 1 year (Preferred)Education: A-Level or equivalent (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£16,000 - £16,500 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"117"	117	"Event & Nightlife Photographer"	" We are looking for confident outgoing photographers to join our team. We are one of the UKs largest non-agency event photography business handling over 350+ jobs per year. We require a number of photographers to work at various nightclubs and events across the North East. Current locations we are recruiting for: Durham Darlington Newcastle Washington Hartlepool Applicants must be 18+ due to hours and location of shoots. Minimum equipment requirement: DSLR or Mirrorless cameraExternal flash, ring light or video lightEditting suit such as Lightroom, Photoshop or CaptureOneSelection of lenses; fast primes or fast standard zoomsShifts will be mainly on weekends, Friday, Saturday and Sundays and times may range from 6pm to 2am. Shoots may be 1-4 hours in duration. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £22.00 to £35.00 /hour "	"Durham"	"Part-time"	"£22 - £35 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"118"	118	"Customer Service Advisor"	"   A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Customer Service Advisor to join our welcoming team at Stephenson House.  You'll be working full time, Monday to Friday between 11:30am and 8pm with 30 minutes break.  About the Role  Working as part of our team, you'll help provide the day-to-day management of the building and provide exceptional customer service to the Students who live there. You'll have a variety of responsibilities, including assisting with marketing, talking to future and current students about how great staying with iQ can be, taking reservations, administration, logging maintenance issues, and keeping our residents safe by ensuring Health & Safety standards are adhered to. But most importantly, you'll be there to make sure the Students who stay with us have their best year yet, by providing awesome customer service.  About us  iQ Student Accommodation is a leading private provider of student accommodation in the UK, with 66 properties compromising 28,000 beds in 27 locations across the country. Our mission is to reimagine the Student accommodation experience, and deliver the best year yet to our Students  About You  An outgoing and friendly individual, who likes to put the customers' needs first. You'll be a team player, with the ability to create a friendly and welcoming first impression, and have the following experience and skills: Experience in a customer-facing service role Able to build relationships quickly Excellent communication skills Proactive attitude and ability to work autonomously when required Friendly, approachable manner and a genuine desire to help Knowledge of the Microsoft office suite Knowledge of current UK Health & Safety standards is desirable If you think you can deliver exceptional customer service and bring the Student experience to life, then we'd love to hear from you.   What We'll Give You  Competitive salary 25 days annual leave Additional day off for your birthday Discretionary bonus Pension contributions matched up to 8% Access to 1000s of discounts and offers at shops you know and love   N.B. All offers of employment are subject to satisfactory pre-employment screening, which will include verification of your employment history and right to work in the UK, as well as checks against the US Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) and PEP (Politically Exposed Person) databases and a Disclosure and Barring Service check.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"119"	119	"Sales Advisor (4hours)"	" About Select Fashion:  Select Fashion is a high-street women’s-wear retailer aimed at 18-45 year olds. With up to 4,000 products and new lines added each week, Select offers quality products inspired by the latest fashion trends at an affordable price. Select is focused on delivering high retail standards in store and excellent customer service. We are looking for a motivated, enthusiastic individual with a ‘can do’ attitude. We need you to be a ambassador, to keep up the the company’s standards while delivery the best customer service. Job Responsibilities:  - Maximising sales as a friendly and knowledgeable team member - Deliver outstanding customer service across all areas of the store - Great communication skills - Maintain high retail standards - Be confident, positive and enthusiastic - Promote offers in store - Work individually and as part of a team - Maintain cleanliness of store - Protect store profits against theft and poor handling of stock - Reliable This job posting is for a 4 hour Sales Advisor. Ideal for someone who is still in collage and looking for a Saturday job. Previous retail experience preferred (not essential). Job Type: Part-time Salary: £4.35 to £8.21 /hour "	"Consett"	"Part-time"	"£4.35 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"120"	120	"Golf Memebrship Advisor"	" We’re all about people. Why else would we be in hospitality? What will I be responsible for as Golf Membership Advisor? Reporting to the Director of Golf, you'll be required to contribute to the hotels success by: Promoting and selling golf memberships . Generating prospects by building relationships inside and outside of the club. Booking tours and appointments to showcase our club. Discussing membership options with perspective members, giving them the right package for them. Working towards your monthly sales targets, delivering great customer service throughout. Ensuring you have in-depth product knowledge, working with all departments within Resort. What does it mean to work at Slaley Hall? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s In It For You? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Is this Golf Membership Advisor role right for me? The succesful candidate will : Be enthusiastic, self-motivated, target driven, and organised Possess fantastic sales traits, including an approachable personality, an ability to communicate effectively and a desire to move forward in a career. Be passionate about sales in the golf industry. Good computer skills, with the confidence to learn new systems & databases quickly (we’ll give you all the training you need) Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent "	"Slaley"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"121"	121	"IQA"	" We are seeking an experienced IQA with competences in PMO BIT Management We are recruiting for our client, a National Training Provider who are urgently seeking an experienced IAQ with an immediate start. If you want to work for a high quality training provider, contact us to find out more Job Type: Full-time Salary: £28,000.00 to £30,000.00 /year Experience: IQA: 1 year (Required)"	"Gateshead"	NA	"£28,000 - £30,000 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"122"	122	"Communications and Marketing Assistant"	"   Communications and Marketing Assistant 1 Year Fixed Term Contract 22.5 hours per week – flexible working pattern Salary – National Minimum Wage - Rate depends on age St Oswald’s Hospice is looking to recruit a proactive and enthusiastic Communications and Marketing Assistant to join our hard-working and passionate Communications and Marketing Team. You will be responsible for updating our digital channels including our website and social media channels; supporting the production and distribution of our monthly internal newsletter; ‘external event’ and listings PR; writing press releases and attending media opportunities; devising and producing promotional materials and information displays, as well as responding to general enquiries received through our website, social media and email system. Ideally, you will have a marketing or related qualification and a minimum of one year’s previous experience of working in a PR or marketing setting, either in a paid or voluntary capacity. You will have excellent written and verbal communication skills, be a self-starter, have creative flair and the ability to manage your own workload. Good IT skills are essential and design skills are desirable. If after reading the job description and person specification you require further information please contact Emma Pattison, Communications and Marketing Manager, on 0191 285 0063 or via emmapattison@stoswaldsuk.org This role is subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check (DBS). Closing date: Monday 3rd June 2019 Interview date: Wednesday 12th June 2019 Registered Charity No. 503386 St Oswald’s Hospice aims to be an equal opportunities employer   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"123"	123	"Driver - Army Reserve"	" Driver Trade available within 216 Squadron RLC No Experience Necessary - Full Training Provided (Inc licences) All personnel within the Royal Logistic Corps (RLC) are trained to be soldiers first and then receive further professional training in the Army Driver Trade. Pay and Benefits Initially you will be paid £38.24 per day, rising to £47.34 per day once you have completed your initial recruit training. If you have not served in the Armed Forces before you will also receive financial joining incentives (Ex-Regular soldiers are entitled to a different incentive scheme). In addition, if you complete your annual training you will be paid an annual bonus. You will receive access to a free on site gym, discounted rail fares, holiday pay and an Army Service Pension. Joining Incentives (taxable) are £300 for successfully passing Selection and enlisting.£1000 for successfully completing initial recruit training.£1000 for successfully completing trade training. Bonus* (tax free) – AKA ‘Bounty’ £457 in Year 1£1010 in Year 2£1,561 in Year 3 & 4£1,810 in Year 5(* subject to completion of your annual training commitment) Responsibilities and Duties As an Army Reserve Driver/Soldier we would expect you to commit 27 days per year. You do your training on a Wednesday evening and weekends and will be paid for the time you spend training. The training is carried out over a 12 month period in your spare time. You will become a member of a highly skilled and motivated team which will help you develop both physically and mentally whilst gaining new skills and qualifications which can help you in all aspects of your life. Training for the Role of an Army Reserve Soldier Your initial recruit training is called basic training - followed by your Driver Trade training which is called Phase 2. Basic Training – Soldier Training. 4 Weekends* spare time (or 1 full week)2 Week Military Training Course* Phase 2 - Trade Training In your Driver Trade we will pay you to attend driving licence courses (Cat B & Cat C) and once you have achieved these driving licences you will then attend your 2 Week Driver Trade Course*.(* the majority of training is residential at Military training establishments) Royal Logistic Corps The RLC is the largest Corps in the British Army. A diverse organisation with technically qualified soldiers working both in peacetime and on operations. We ensure the British Army is supplied with all the materiel it requires from vehicle parts and tools to ammunition, rations and water. The RLC maintains the Army’s operational capability by providing constant support by land, sea and air. “Nothing moves without us”. The Reserve Soldiers and Officers within the RLC do everything the Regular Army does, from combat operations, peace keeping, humanitarian work and supporting the local community. The main difference of being a Reservist is you train in your spare time. Many Reservists have a normal day job and enjoy two careers. Entry requirements AGE : 17 years 9 months – 49 years 11 months FITNESS : 2km run in a maximum time of 11 minutes 15 seconds QUALIFICATIONS : No formal educational qualifications are required. EXPERIENCE: No experience required, you will receive all the training required. NATIONALITY & RESIDENCY : Proof that you are a British Citizen. If you are a Commonwealth or European Citizen, Indefinite Leave to Remain (ILR) or Indefinite Leave to Enter (IIE) must be stamped on your passport, and you have been resident in the UK for a minimum of 5 years. Citizens of the Irish Republic joining the Army Reserves must be living in the UK to be eligible to join. Refugees and Asylum Seekers are NOT eligible to apply to join the Army Reserves. All candidates who have a visa must provide proof of this throughout the recruiting process. 216 Squadron are actively recruiting and offer the opportunity to learn new skills in your spare time whilst being paid to do so! If you wish to apply or would like more information call 07973 625 887. If you would like to visit us and see what we do, why not pop along on a Wednesday evening at 7:30pm for an introduction and informal presentation. Visits can be arranged to suit your individual circumstances - give us a call to arrange. 216 (Tynemouth) Transport Squadron Royal Logistic Corps New Cliffords Fort Station Terrace Tynemouth NE30 4RE Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: Upto 4k a year to start. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £0.00 to £4,000.00 /year Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Tynemouth"	"Part-time"	"£4,000 a year"	-1.4213118	55.0157208
"124"	124	"111 Service Advisor"	"    Vacancies for 111 Service Advisors Hours: Varied  Salary: £8.50 per hour  Contract Type: Part Time available  Location: Newcastle Upon Tyne  About the role:  Are you wanting to start a career in the health service? Are you able to stay calm under pressure? Can you communicate well with a variety of people and can work evening, weekends and bank holidays?  If the answers are yes, then please get in touch.  Vocare Central are recruiting for 111 Service Advisors for their 111 Service situated in Newcastle Upon Tyne.  Working as a Service Advisor you will handle selected calls from patients and healthcare professionals, updating systems as appropriate and following standard operating procedures to respond to callers’ questions. Computer systems are used to capture patient information so good IT skills are an essential requirement for the role.  Duties within the role:  Answering specified telephone calls within defined timeframes and managing these calls in a controlled and professional manner. Recording key information in an accurate and timely fashion. Calling back selected patients in order to log non-worsening symptoms and escalating if symptoms are worsening. Communicating effectively in a healthcare environment both with colleagues as well as with callers and patients. This requires an ability to demonstrate empathy, respect and consideration whilst maintaining a calm and professional manner. Directing requests for assistance, care or treatment using protocols or guidelines by signposting selected callers to the most appropriate care/service using the Directory of Services where appropriate, or following local protocols and procedures. Supporting the achievement of quality standards and performance measures for calls relating to the following: Courtesy calls/calls back Repeat medication (prescription) – asymptomatic callers Dental calls (provision of service information and/or transfer to appropriate service or person) Health information (non-symptomatic caller) Location of service Healthcare provider calls  Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team, actively contributing to service improvements where appropriate. Participate in duties as designated by your manager during peak times.   What we are looking for:  Successful candidates will have experience of working with the general public, dealing with face-to- face and/or telephone enquiries, be able to maintain a calm and professional manner whilst under pressure.  Please note that you must be at least 18 years of age to apply for this role. This restriction is in place due to the night shift working required to do this role.  What we can offer you:  We offer a competitive salary, excellent working environment and exciting opportunities for progression within the company. We also offer maternity and sick pay* alongside access to employee benefits provided by Perkbox.  Candidates will also need to be able to offer flexibility in their working hours in order to meet the needs of service which involve working evenings, weekends and overnights. Subject to terms and conditions How to apply:  To apply, please click on \"apply for this job\" on the right hand side of the screen and complete the application form. Make sure to use the attached job description to support you in writing your application. Closing Date: Sunday 31st May 2019.  We encourage you to apply as soon as possible, as once sufficient applications have been received we may decide to close the advert early.  Vocare are operational 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year and the working of various shift patterns to include weekends and public holidays. All staff will be expected to work Bank Holidays (inc Christmas, Easter etc.).  Please assume you have been unsuccessful with your application if you have not heard back from us within 2 weeks of the closing date.  All successful applicants will be subject to a Disclosure & Barring Service check.  Vocare Group recognises the diversity of the communities in which we operate and demonstrate this through the service we provide when dealing with patients, their family and carers   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"125"	125	"Civils Supervisior"	"   We currently have an exciting new opportunity to join our team as a field based Civils Supervisor across Scotland and the North East regions.  You will be responsible for overseeing all field activities and staff to ensure that production, financial control and site activities are managed to the highest standards in all areas of delivery.  Principal duties include working with the client to ensure the most efficient and cost effective approach is used to deliver an outstanding level of service whilst maintaining the highest standards of health, safety and quality.  With assistance from the Management team you will also demonstrate and develop financial controls that detail profit and loss and detailed cost to complete reports for each scheme.  Role & Responsibilities: Regular reviews of project status ensuring all options have been considered and evaluated to improve construction performance Challenging the Management team to ensure the most efficient and cost effective approach is used to deliver outstanding projects Promoting Near Miss and Positive Intervention reporting Strong leadership with employees on site with a key focus on driving production and performance Efficient communication and engagement with the Management team Quality Assurance Control of site environmental issues Development of strong team working relationships Ensuring all project KPI`s and SLA`s are achieved Uploading documents to Company systems as and when necessary in line with business requirements Developing accurate programmes for weekly updates Ensuring compliance to procedures through weekly/monthly reports Cost risk management and early identification of problematic issues on site Ownership of projects, costs, programmes, documentations, site activities and procurement Weekly submission of information including timesheets, material sheets and plant & site checklist Collation of data, including scheme drawings of layout, sections and construction details, as-build drawings Operative’s Appraisals Skills & Qualifications required: Excellent communication skills A positive and enthusiastic approach to work Good organisation skills Ability to work well under pressure Have good IT skills NRSWA Level 10 very desirable Company benefits:   We offer competitive pay, and 28 day’s holiday a year (inclusive of bank holidays). In addition, you will get access to a contributory pension scheme, development and training, discounted benefits to Virgin Media products.   Privacy Notice:  Please ensure you have reviewed our privacy notice before applying by following the below link:  Job Applicant Privacy Notice   How to apply:   Please reply to this advert in writing, with a copy of your CV attached and stating your expected salary.   "	"North East"	NA	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"126"	126	"Payroll Administrator"	" Are you an experience administrator with a passion for Payroll? We have an exciting opportunity for of a Payroll Administrator to join our Central Support Team, Gosforth. Your main duties will include:  To communicate with other members of your team, both internally and externally in a professional and courteous manner. To work together with your fellow team members to produce standards of excellence within your department and aiming to exceed expectations. Assist with processing of payroll Log and respond to queries from colleagues and external bodies in a timely manner in line with team KPI’s Answering telephones and dealing with customer enquiries Control and distribution of inbound post to the payroll team Printing, sealing and posting payslips Control of payroll team mailbox Other general administrative duties as required The successful candidate will have:  Strong Administration skills Be IT literate Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Ability to work in pressurised situations and stay in agreed timescales Be highly organised and have a positive outlook Self-motivated and proactive Flexible working approach _ PLEASE NOTE THIS IS A 6 MONTH CONTRACT (salary pro-rata)_ What can we offer you? Competitive rates of pay Discretionary bonus packages Fantastic team environment 25% discount on holidays for yourself, friends and family Stand-by breaks available at a discounted rate Full uniform provided where necessary Full training To start Creating Amazing Memories with us, apply now! Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £18,000.00 to £20,500.00 /year Experience: Payroll: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Gosforth"	"Temporary"	"£18,000 - £20,500 a year"	-3.4389401	54.4185996
"127"	127	"Activities Coordinator"	"At Sanctuary Care we believe in providing high quality care homes where people are looked after with the utmost dignity and respect. Our strength lies in the quality of our people and we employ those who will share our mission statement 'Keeping kindness at the heart of our care'.  Activities Leader  Shaftesbury Court Residential Care Home, Selkirk Drive, Erith, Kent  £9.65 per hour  30 hours per week  Why work for us? When you join Sanctuary Care, you will be part of something special - we are an innovative organisation, with ambitious growth plans. At Shaftesbury Court Residential Care Home we put people at the heart of everything we do and that includes our staff. We invest heavily in your training, promote a strong teamwork ethic and make sure that you have the support and resources you need to reach your potential. Our strength lies in the quality of our people and we employ those who share our value of keeping kindness at the heart of our care.  We are seeking an Activities Leader to make a real difference to our resident's lives.  Are you someone who is creative and loves to get others involved in fun and inspiring activities? Couple with this your passion for providing first rate care and the ability to lead a team; this could be the role for you?  Where you'll work Situated in a residential area of Erith and within easy access of London, Shaftesbury Court Residential Care Home provides residential and dementia care to the home's 38 residents. Click here for further information about the home.  This is an exciting opportunity to really get to know our residents and provide them with a variety of stimulating activities that not only promote physical but also mental and social wellbeing. The opportunities are endless in terms of what activities you could implement. Examples include baking, clothes show, exercise classes, arts and crafts, dances etc but we would be interested to hear your ideas and suggestions.  Ready to join us? As part of our commitment to making Sanctuary Care a great place to work we offer access to a range of great employee benefits including:  20 days annual leave plus bank holidays CQC performance bonus Excellent training and development opportunities Refer a friend scheme with payment of up to £750 available* Contributory pension from Sanctuary up to set limits Access to a free 24/7 support service providing support including legal, financial, emotional and medical advice Discounts on shopping, holidays, cinema, dining, days out and much more via 'My Rewards' Criminal Records Checks are funded by Sanctuary Care * Terms and Conditions apply  All terms and conditions are subject to national review and are therefore subject to change.  If you require further assistance please contact the home on 01322 33 1985 and quote Ref: 47542 Closing date: 13 June 2019  We reserve the right to withdraw this advertisement at any time depending on application volumes, therefore an early submission of application is encouraged. Building Equality and Diversity We work closely with the Home Office in order to prevent illegal working. An enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check will be necessary in the event of a successful application which we will pay for. Sanctuary Care Limited is a subsidiary of Sanctuary Housing Association, an exempt charity. Job Segment: Medical, Healthcare"	"North East"	NA	"£9.65 an hour"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"128"	128	"Sales Adviser, Travel Money"	" Sales Adviser, Travel Money - Metro Centre (Gateshead) - 36.5 hrs (026710)     Debenhams are on a mission to make shopping confidence-boosting, sociable and fun.  We want to be famous for delivering that unique Debenhams experience.  What you'll be doing...   The most important thing you’ll be doing is simple… Putting the customer at the heart of everything you do!   For those heading off for a weekend away, a business trip, or the holiday of a lifetime you’ll be part of their journey. You’ll expertly advise on currency and exchange rates, handling each transaction securely and of course offering exceptional service that makes customers want to return to your bureau again and again.   To ensure customers aren’t disappointed you’ll maintain currency stock levels so that orders and requests can be easily fulfilled ahead of their trip. You’ll count and reconcile cash and all tenders daily, investigating any discrepancies and escalating issues as necessary. You’ll also spot every opportunity to really connect with each customer offering advice on other travel services including Debenhams Travel Insurance and the vast range of products we sell.   What you'll bring...   You’ll have an eye for detail, with great organisational skills and a natural passion for delivering fun and friendly service to every customer. Always ready to help, always happy to go the extra mile and always with a friendly smile. You’ll enjoy working independently as you’ll largely work alone in the bureaus but you’ll always be part of the wider team and may be asked to support your sales colleagues on occasions.   We’ll offer full training when you start and thereafter to ensure you are always up to speed with the latest travel money procedures.   When you’ll be doing it...   We’re open 7 days a week and in this role you’ll need to be available to work 5 variable days per week including weekends.   What you’ll get in return...  Up to 25% discount in stores and online  Access to external discounts and promotions through Perks@Debenhams  Access to the Debenhams Pension Savings Plan  Our roles can receive high volumes of applications and we may need to occasionally close a vacancy before the published expiry date. We don’t want you to miss out so recommend that you submit your application as soon as possible.   MAKE IT HAPPEN – MAKE IT BRILLIANT – WE’LL BACK YOU ALL THE WAY      36.5 hrs  £6.64 (under 21) - £8.21 per hour  Permanent  Expiry Date: 31/05/19 "	"Gateshead"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"129"	129	"Specialist (Coach, Wise Steps)"	"   Wise Steps is co-funded project by the National Lottery Community Fund and the European Social Fund delivered under the Building Better Opportunities programme to support people facing multiple barriers to work and employability across Newcastle, Sunderland, Gateshead, North Tyneside and South Tyneside.  The programme will assist almost 4,000 unemployed or economically inactive people to access bespoke one to one support delivered by a diverse partnership to help move them forward towards employability in terms of sociability, confidence, skills and abilities – helping them to deal with their own personal challenges and support their journey towards and into work, education and training. Target groups include long term unemployed; age 50+; people with disabilities; black, minority ethnic and refugees (BMER); ex-offenders and lone parents.  The Wise Group delivers the project with a diverse partnership of 30+ locally-based organisations including specialists with expertise in assisting people in communities in the region.  To support our project we have an exciting opportunity for a Specialist (Coach, Wise Steps) to join our team.  In this role you will deliver a range of specialist Employment Services to support participants through their journey, into sustainable employment. Ensuring contractual obligations and key delivery indicators are achieved, the post holder will work to strict compliance requirements issued as proscribed by funder.  For this role you must have effective verbal and written communication skills to ensure effective reporting and customer service and effective interpersonal and relationship building skills.  Please see the Role Profile for full details of the qualifications and experience required for this role.  Position: Specialist – (Coach, Wise Steps)  Reference: SC/WSNE/26  Location: Newcastle  Hours: 35 hours per week  Status: Fixed Term until 31 March 2021  Salary: Circa £21k + excellent benefits  WORKING WITH THE WISE GROUP  We believe that to achieve our vision, all Wise Group colleagues must demonstrate on a daily basis, the behaviours which underpin our core values. We therefore invest and take time to recruit the right colleagues, knowing that this impacts on our culture which in turn delivers excellent results and outcomes for our valued customers.  The Wise Group provides an inclusive and supportive working environment and an excellent benefits package, which includes the following: 33 days’ annual leave (including Public Holidays) plus one additional day for every completed year of employment up to a maximum of an additional five days Generous Salary Exchange Pension Scheme Employee Assistance Programme Life Assurance Cycle Scheme We are a family friendly employer and we actively try to ensure a positive work life balance and we welcome applications from employees requiring flexibility. The Wise Group | Social Enterprise | Scotland & North East England HOW TO APPLY  The closing date for applications is midnight on 30 May 2019.  To apply please complete the online application form available here.  Scottish Charity No: SC004089  Family Friendly Working Scotland – We promote a flexible and family friendly working culture.  Armed Forces Covenant – We are an armed forces-friendly organisation. We seek to support the employment of veterans and current or previous members of the reserve forces.    Disability Confident – The Disability Confident scheme supports us to make the most of the talents that disabled people can bring to our workplace.If you have a disability which prevents you from applying online please call 0141 303 3131.   The Wise Group is committed to equal opportunities and is a proud member of the Disability Confident scheme. As users of the scheme we guarantee to interview all disabled candidates who meet the minimum criteria for the vacancy.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£21,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"130"	130	"3563 Carpentry & Joinery Apprentice"	"As a Carpentry & Joinery Apprentice you will develop skills, knowledge and experience in all aspects of site carpentry. This will be via on the job training and formal training sessions to gain knowledge and understanding to ensure that you attain the required skills, knowledge and experience to become a fully qualified Joiner/Carpenter. You’ll commence as a level 2 apprentice with progression to the level 3 apprenticeship if you achieve the required standard at level 2.  Working within the Housing, Property & Construction Services division of North Tyneside Council you will work across all areas of this service, providing support to both our tenants and residents.  You will work as part of an operational team assisting in the direct delivery of joinery and carpentry services across the borough.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 36 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"131"	131	"Production Operatives"	"   Westray Recruitment Consultant is working with a leading global manufacturer of precision tubing. The role will involve general labouring duties including line feeding, heavy lifting and loading and unloading of machinery. The role will be based in the Prudhoe area and the successful candidate will have a committed and flexible attitude towards working hours.    WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING IN YOUR ROLE?  Bending industrial tubes Loading and unloading machines Abiding by strict health & safety regulations Working in a high volume environment Line feeding and also loading and unloading machinery Assisting the tradesmen and machine operators when necessary  WHAT EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS ARE REQUIRED FOR THIS POSITION? Due to the nature of the work, it would be advantageous to be physically fit Ideally, have worked in an industrial role ideally within a heavy industry Flexible attitude Ability to follow instructions Ability to carry out roles alone or within a team Previous experience is beneficial but not essential WHAT ARE THE FINER DETAILS OF YOUR ROLE? 7am - 4:30pm, Monday to Thursday 7am – 3.30pm Friday  WHAT SALARY PACKAGE YOU WILL BE RECEIVING Under 25  Basic hours £7.70  After 40 hours Mon – Fri £10.26  Saturday £11.55  Sunday £15.40  Over 25  Basic hours £8.21  After 40 hours Mon – Fri £10.94  Saturday £12.36  Sunday £16.42    FANCY A CHAT?  Please apply for this position and your CV will go directly to our Recruitment Consultant Amy Laidler who is leading the search. Alternatively, if you have any questions, please get in touch with Amy on 0191 492 6622 or via email at alaidler@westray.co.uk  "	"Prudhoe"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.8556112	54.9597895
"132"	132	"Marketing Officer"	" Are you an experienced marketing professional looking for a new opportunity? Join one of the UK's fastest growing fabric maintenance provider in the Renewable Energies, Oil & Gas , Marine, Petro Chemical sectors. This is an excellent opportunity for a gifted individual to join a thriving business based in North East of England. Our business has grown and developed off the back of delivering our services to the highest standards, thus enabling us to develop an impeccable reputation throughout the industry while also securing a lot of repeat business with many of our core blue-chip customers. We now feel it’s time to promote our culture and service offering to a wider audience and need the assistance of a highly motivated marketing professional to help us achieve this. Does this sound like the perfect role for you? If so please send your CV Job Type: Full-time Experience: Marketing: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Jarrow "	NA	NA	-1.4810622	54.9819481
"133"	133	"Assistant Greenkeeper"	" We’re all about people. Why else would we be in hospitality? What will I be responsible for as Assistant Greenkeeper? Reporting to the Head Greenkeeper and our Golf Course Manager, you’ll help to make sure the course is in tip top condition and great to play every time. You’ll make sure that the course is continually maintained to ensure maximum playing time. You may also help in works toward course redevelopment to give maximum playability. What does it mean to work at Slaley Hall? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s In It For You? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Is this Assistant Greenkeeper role right for me? We are looking for someone who can communicate well with others, can carry out instructions, is able to pay close attention to detail and will commit to providing outstanding service. Ideally, you will have knowledge in handling and maintening horticutlure machinery and using ride on mowers. The succesful candidate will hold a minimum of a Level 2 in Turf Manangement and have significant experience in working in courses of the same standards. Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent "	"Slaley"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"134"	134	"Team Member - Millie's Cookies - Gateshead"	" Team Member - Millie's Cookies - GatesheadRate of pay up to £8.21 per hour + £1 per hour sales bonus  Due to the Lone Working nature of this role, you need to be over 18 years old to be considered.  We also offer: Award winning training with accredited qualifications and great development opportunities up to 50% staff discount on our brands 28 days holiday pro rata (including Bank Holidays) Company pension schemes free uniform The RoleAre you somebody who loves the hustle & bustle of working a busy store? Can you work as part of a strong team, who loves helping customers, then we would love to hear from you.  We are recruiting now for passionate and helpful people to join our team at Millie's Cookies - Gateshead. You must be able to work a mixture of shifts ranging from 8am - 9:30pm weekly. The role will entail heavy lifting as well as moving around stock to be placed onto shelves at the store.  If you are interested, please apply today and join a fun, happy and charismatic Millies Cookies team!  The DetailsWe have a part-time (15+ hours) permanent role with an immediate start on offer. Before applying please ensure you are able to get to and from the shopping centre for the hours as required.  Job Reference: RC14377"	"Gateshead"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"135"	135	"Junior Robotics Process Automation - Newcastle"	" What is Robotic Process Automation? Robotic Process Automation (RPA) is the use of software to ‘mimic’ the actions of a human user but performed on a PC in a larger scale. It is designed to automate business processes that are highly repetitive, rule-based or that use structured data. Thereby leaving skilled employees to focus on more complex tasks and business based decisions. What does it involve? As a RPA consultant, you will be involved in the understanding of different business procedures, with the goal of making them more efficient and effective. This involves producing work flow diagrams, analysing business procedures, building automated robots to assist employees and organisations with the result of increasing productivity. Course Overview In this program you will learn everything you need to know before going out to one of our 200 clients. This ranges from understanding basic coding concepts and understanding how to map out business procedures. These include: Fundamentals – Professional Skills, SQL database, Excel reporting and running UNIX Web apps – learn the fundamentals of web development OOD – learn basic structure of coding and unit testing Robotic Process Automation – learn and develop a RPA project After this you will walk away with a RPA Developer Foundation Diploma What is in it for you? Industry recognised training and qualifications - located in our Leeds Academy  Key skills development including RPA, Business Analysis, Web Apps Design, SQL, UNIX and Microsoft Excel A minimum of two years’ commercial experience, with the potential to become full-time Mentoring and on-going support throughout your career with FDM Tech talks, networking and social events Excellent employee benefits, including the ‘Consultant of the Month award’ and the option to join FDM’s share scheme A career in a rapidly expanding industry Apply now if you have:  A degree, preferably within a STEM discipline but all degrees considered Strong written and verbal communication skills The ability to work independently and as a team A logical mind-set The ability to analyse data or information effectively to break complex problems down into simple steps An interest in growing a career in Robotics Desire to make things more efficient within an organisation It is a great opportunity if you have an interest in technology, but not necessarily want to be a full Software Developer, or enjoy the idea of being a Business Analyst but want to put your computer skills to the test.  Future Progression The role is diverse and the projects you will be working on change on a continual basis. Typically, the futures roles can include: RPA Analyst RPA Developer RPA Technical Lead RPA Lead Analyst This position creates a wealth of future progression, as you will be involved in all aspect of the business. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £23,500.00 to £26,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£23,500 - £26,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"136"	136	"Pricing Executive"	" An exciting opportunity had arisen for a Pricing Executive to join our Commercial Holiday Home sales team based in our Central Support office, Gosforth. Reporting into the Group Stock Controller, the role will be responsible for the pricing of all Holiday Homes to be sold on parks and ensuring accurate and consistent online web content. The role will take ownership of individual selling prices to be advertised on our website and on park for all sales units within the designated region. This will need to be updated on internal systems and then the online content monitored ensuring website compliance and that our marketing potential is maximised. Responsibilities include Accurately checking product lines and pricing and making corrections to any errors and inconsistencies. Analysis of pricing in order to make recommendations on future pricing strategies, promotions etc. Updating web pricing as necessary, checking that all updates have been completed and that the information displayed online is accurate and as intended. Reporting on website content against stock holding to ensure all retail units are priced and advertised online. Liaising with park contacts on their retail stock and the pricing of it. The successful candidate will have:  Excellent attention to detail Commercial acumen, Numerate and analytical, Strong literacy and organisational skills. The ability to work as part of a team and within a pressured environment. Knowledge of Excel, Word and other Ms Office packages is essential. PLEASE NOTE THIS IS A 12 MONTH CONTACT  What can we offer you? Competitive rates of pay Discretionary bonus packages Fantastic team environment 25% discount on holidays for yourself, friends and family Stand-by breaks available at a discounted rate Full uniform provided where necessary Full training To start Creating Amazing Memories with us, apply now! Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £23,000.00 to £25,000.00 /year "	"Gosforth"	"Contract"	"£23,000 - £25,000 a year"	-3.4389401	54.4185996
"137"	137	"Tile and Bathroom Sales Person"	" Description: We are currently looking for an individual who is energetic passionate and driven to join a successful sales team. You will have excellent customer service skills and show commitment to working as part of a team. The role is varied and will involve covering some weekends and working at our busy Blaydon store. Bathroom Sales experience preferred but not necessary. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Sales: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Blaydon"	NA	NA	-1.7128813	54.9659633
"138"	138	"Administration Assistant - temporary 3 months"	" We are currently seeking a professional individual for the opportunity to become a part-time (30 hrs a week) Administration Assistant in our Newcastle Casino. This is a temporary position for 3 months, with possibility to be extended to 6 months. Administration Assistant will be responsible for providing efficient and effective administrative support to ensure smooth running of the office. This will be achieved by ensuring day to day activities are carried out in order to meet and exceed management and employee expectations. The responsibilities include but are not limited to various administrative tasks such as: Managing the post – distribution of incoming post, franking outgoing Greeting visitors Filing, scanning etc. Responding to reference requests Providing proof of employment letters Photocopying and preparing paperwork for inductions, training sessions, marketing etc. Dealing with new starters/leavers paperwork Dealing with suppliers, raising purchase orders Supporting Team Assistant in smooth running of the office Selection Criteria:  Excellent communication skills, written, verbal and interpersonal Good administrative and IT skills (including Microsoft Outlook, Word & Excel) Well organised and able to prioritise tasks Ability to work on own initiative sometimes working alone in the office Ability to multi-task and meet deadlines Attention to detail This is an ideal opportunity for a candidate at an entry level with desire to develop a career in business administration. If you are interested in applying for this position and possess the necessary skills and attitude, please forward your updated curriculum vitae, together with a letter of application. Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Flexible Working Options Available: Flexitime Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"139"	139	"Designer: Berghaus Apparel"	"    Building a family of brands, for the world to love, generation after generation.  We are Pentland Brands, a global family business bringing some of the most loved active and footwear brands to millions of people around the world.   We own Speedo, Berghaus, Canterbury of New Zealand, Endura, Mitre, ellesse, Boxfresh, SeaVees, KangaROOS and Red or Dead. We’re the global licensee for Karen Millen footwear and Kickers in the UK. We also have a joint venture partnership for Lacoste footwear.   All our brands have their own unique identities and every one of them is powered by Pentland. We have more than 1,400 employees worldwide and we’re always on the lookout for talented, enthusiastic people to help shape our future.  We celebrate differences and give everyone the freedom to innovate and develop, be it through creative working environments or learning opportunities. Our brands are there in the moments that matter - being there for more people, in more of those moments, drives everything we do.  At Pentland, we’re guided by four principles, we use these to make sure we’re not only doing a great job, but we’re doing it in the right way:   Success is a team game  With clarity and courage  Better as standard  In good conscience   To find out more go to www.pentland.com or follow @pentlandbrands on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram or Facebook.   The role:   Responsible for delivering consumer led global designs which align to the brand DNA and seasonal creative direction under guidance from the Head of Design and Senior Designer   Collaborate across multiple areas to gain alignment and engagement   The role you’d play:  In collaboration with the Head of Design and Senior Designer, you will be responsible for delivering own designs against Brand seasonal creative direction and product briefs, whilst maintaining Brand DNA, VBL and guidelines  Contribute in the creation of seasonal creative direction, trend overviews, colour and mood boards  Deliver consumer focused designs aligned with allocated category and/or range direction, and which achieve commercial targets  Ensure own designs incorporate consumer and concept testing feedback, throughout design process to ensure new designs align with target consumer needs and desire  Ensure own designs have a coherent and compelling offer to seamlessly merchandise into product categories and range, combining desirable aesthetics with credible performance and technical needs  Deliver coloured CAD's which are consumer focused, trend led and commercial aligned with allocated category merchandising approach  Push creative boundaries whilst delivering against commercial opportunities  Responsible for delivering allocated designs as needed based on seasonal workload, from concept through to CAD work, colour overviews, technical specifications and updates, to upload into PLM (or similar), on time against seasonal deadlines  Deliver designs in a clear and concise format and present at design reviews, with detailed renderings and technical specifications in the required format in Photoshop and/or Illustrator  Contributes towards cost saving solutions to achieve seasonal margin target whilst retaining creativity  Contribute, as required, to updating and maintaining Visual Brand Identity aligned to brand positioning and DNA  Actively participate in proto reviews ensuring design integrity is maintained through to final sign-off  Support Development and Materials Teams to deliver design and colour specifications on time and at key stage gates in the product creation process  Actively research the market and trends, looking further than immediate scope of work and produce detailed reports following each research visit  Maintain communication with superiors at all times throughout the process ensuring your message is clearly understood  Any other activities commensurate with the level of this role   The must haves:  Educated to degree level and/or with proven experience, preferably within Outdoor, Sports, Fashion or Product Design or a related field or area  Clear understanding and consideration of pattern making, draping, materials, trims, garmen construction, fit and manufacturing processes Consumer focused with a strong technical bias  Strong creative and trend skills, with a proven commercial background  Ability and strong understanding of \"design to cost\" and \"design for manufacture'' throughout the design creation process  Proficient in Adobe Illustrator, PhotoShop, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, plus excellent freehand drawing and rendering skills. Knowledge of Excel an advantage  Proven ability to work within a critical path and meet deadlines, managing time efficiently to achieve completion of a professional standard of work  Able to manage and work to deadlines as well as multi-tasking  Very organised, structured and self-motivated and equally comfortable working within a team or independently towards meeting short-term and long-term objectives  Collaborates effectively to maintain and develop trustful relationships with peers across the business or multiple functions and within the product team  Ability to work across multiple functions with experience of working in a matrix structure a benefit  Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills both interpersonally and within a group conveying strong brand empathy  Communicates with enthusiasm  Understands cultural differences  Enthusiastic about design, inspiring, creative, forward-thinking and energetic  Demonstrate the ability to use own initiative  Able to work under pressure to tight deadlines and able to multi-task  Confident in making design decisions and able to challenge upwards and across functions in the appropriate way if needed  Asks questions and seeks understanding first  Pushes oneself to exceed expectations  Is perceived as credible and an expert in the area/category  Adaptable and versatile  The ability to travel and spend time away from home  If this sounds like the perfect role, please apply and we’ll be in touch soon.   "	"Sunderland"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"140"	140	"Supervised Contact Worker"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Permanent    Working Pattern:  Part time    Advert Start Date:  15/05/2019    Advert End Date:  29/05/2019 23:59    Salary:  Grade 6, £21,166 - £23,836 (pro-rata to hours worked)    Hours per week:  22    Job Category:  Social Care - Children Service    Vacancy ID:  187201    Employment Location:  An approved location. However, you may be required to work at any council workplace within County Durham.    Post Number:  CYPS/19/151, V5012, S047003    Closing date:  29 May   Further Information Children and Young Peoples Services Supervised Contact Service Vacancy Reference No: CYPS/19/151 Supervised Contact Worker, 22 hours per week Salary: Grade 6, £21,166 - £23,836 (pro-rata to hours worked) Job Location: An approved location. However, you may be required to work at any council workplace within County Durham.  Can you help to maintain links between children and young people who are Looked After, and their birth families, friends or carers? In our supervised contact team you will support contact between children and young people, and their parents, relatives, or friends at a range of venues across the County by: Ensuring children and young people are transported safely to contact venues  Observing and recording contact between children and young people, and their parents, relatives, or friends Providing records and reports to support social workers and other professionals in their work Seeking feedback from children, young people and families  You will work across County Durham, and will be supported by your Team Manager and Team Leader. For an informal discussion about these posts please contact Beth Gowland by email Beth.Gowland@durham.gov.uk or telephone on 03000 262559. Required qualifications: To be eligible to apply for these posts you must hold a qualification at level 3 or above linked to work with children for example NVQ level 3 (Childcare and Education or Early Years Care and Education), NNEB/CACHE Diploma (Childcare and Education), BTEC/EDEXEL (Childhood Studies - Nursery Nursing), Early Years Teaching Certificate. The successful applicant for this post will be required to apply for a Disclosure & Barring Service Enhanced Disclosure. It is anticipated that interviews will be held on 6th and 7th June 2019. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on Telephone: 03000 267247 (24hr answerphone). Email: hrCYPS@durham.gov.uk In line with the County Council’s Recruitment & Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CV’s. Any information provided on CV’s will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£21,166 - £23,836 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"141"	141	"Quality Assurance Officer"	"  Overview   Quality Assurance Officer  Fixed Term Contract until September 2020  Newcastle upon Tyne (37 hours per week)  Salary - £23,911 per annum   Job Description  NCFE, one of the UK’s fastest growing, most innovative qualification awarding organisations, is looking for a Quality Assurance Officer.   To achieve the ambitious levels of organisational performance that we’re striving for, we have high expectations of each and every one of our talented colleagues. Our culture is focused on results and we like our colleagues to work smart and have real pride in the outcomes they achieve. ‘Be the best’ is one of our core values and our colleagues should exhibit this confidence and dedication to reaching our goals.  A bit about the job…  In this role you will monitor all activities for a designated portfolio of products, providing support and advice to centres on assessment requirements. You will recruit, train, performance manage and develop effective working relationships with our External Quality Assurers, whilst working on companywide projects and continuing to look for ways in which we can improve current procedures. At times, you’ll handle multiple priorities so will have excellent skills in multi-tasking and staying organised to ensure you meet deadlines and respond quickly to the needs of the business and our customers.   A bit about you…  We’re looking for someone with excellent interpersonal skills and can build lasting relationships with contractors along with attention to detail and the ability to work accurately. You’ll have excellent report writing, presentation and influencing skills and will be passionate about delivering excellent customer service to all NCFE customers; both internal and external.   Skills & Knowledge  principles of assessment specifically validity, reliability, comparability and grading  excellent telephone manner  excellent written and oral communication skills, including good grammar and spelling  demonstrable word processing, data entry, spreadsheet and email skills  attention to detail and ability to work accurately  proof-reading skills  excellent report writing skills  excellent presentation skills  negotiating and influencing skills  Why join us now?  NCFE is growing. We’re committed to training and developing our colleagues and encouraging them to reach their full potential. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package including a generous holiday allowance and pension.  Interested? Here’s what you need to know…  If you think you have the skills to become a Quality Assurance Officer at NCFE, we’d love to hear from you! Apply online directly through our website uploading one document which will include your current CV and covering letter detailing the skills and relevant work experience which makes you suitable for the role.    The role closes on the 31st May 2019    Interviews will be held on the 14th June 2019     "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£23,911 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"142"	142	"User Researcher"	" You are an experienced researcher and can be trusted to regularly take on research projects. You are able to oversee large streams of work and require little support though you continue to work collaboratively. You play a role in planning and adapting research approaches and trialing the use of new methods. You communicate confidently about research within the company and to clients. You will sit within a research capability with a research capability lead. This capability forms part of the UX team, alongside the capabilities of content, UCD and Interaction design. You will have a project manager for your specific projects and a people manager dedicated to your professional development. A bit about you: Work on research projects, sometimes coordinating multiple activities. Provide advice and support for other research projects Draw on knowledge to design and deliver the most appropriate research approaches, adapting methods and using new ones where appropriate Conduct research using a range of techniques, covering behavioral, attitudinal and evaluative research methods including: usability testing, field research/shadowing, surveys, diary studies, interviews, focus groups, guerilla research, user workshops Produce all the required supporting documentation and materials for research activities: discussion guides, schedules, consent forms, slide decks for workshops, activity sheets. Work confidently within different project methodologies - GDS, Waterfall, Agile Confidently communicate about research findings and methods within Orange Bus, to clients - adapting your style and language to suit their knowledge level and background Produce well-written and structured client-facing reports that accurately summarise key findings and the relative importance of each finding, and which need little time for peer review Make strong use of various media and techniques to communicate findings in an engaging manner: video, audio, photos, illustrations, story telling Mentor less experienced researchers and support the development of other employees in research techniques A bit about us: 11 years strong with a force of 120, and counting. Innovation is our product, we dedicate 10% of revenue to advancing in this area. We offer staff annual leave starting at 23 days rising to 27 days, including the option to purchase additional days annually, competitive salaries, pension scheme and the opportunity to shape our business. Choose from a range of benefits to suit you: childcare vouchers, discounted gym membership, season ticket loans, dental plans and much more. Casual, friendly office culture. Staff work hard together,and enjoy Friday afternoon Beers with Ideas, social events and hackdays. Our unique offices include a Games Room, Ideas Room and areas dedicated to agile project delivery. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"143"	143	"Maintenance"	" Here are Comfort House, we are looking for someone with solid experience in maintenance, building, DIY, cleaning and housekeeping. You will also need technical knowledge of mechanical and electrical systems, as well as ideally some IT skills. Friendly and approachable, you will understand the importance of keeping high standards in and around the home, ensuring our residents enjoy a safe, pleasant and comfortable environment. Comfort House Care Home is situated in a housing estate in Newcastle. It is close to shops and services and has good public transport links. What will you be doing! Report and action any known defects to appliances, damaged furniture/equipment and any other potential hazards to the Home Manager, who will advise accordingly; Ensure the maintenance of the Care Centre’s exterior, including: Keep any sheds, outbuildings and outdoor areas clean, tidy and accessible to all Where applicable, cut the grass around the building and tend to any flowerbeds, hanging baskets etc.; Clean all signs/lighting outside the Care Centre; Carry out any patching up or touching up of decoration as and when required. Test the fire alarm system, and log results, weekly. Check call points, fire exits, door retaining devices and fire emergency lights, as specified in Company procedures; Ensure all ventilation units and lights are kept clean. Replace any defective light bulbs/diffusers; Test all portable appliance as specified in Company procedures; Test and record water temperatures as specified in company procedures; Maintain a ‘Maintenance Book’ in which defects are recorded by Staff Members. Use this book to effect repairs/replacements daily; Assist/supervise with deliveries to the Care Centre. Monitor delivered goods closely. What we will offer you in return! A competitive starting salary with the opportunity to increase this through training and development We cover the cost of your DBS check Uniform provided, if required 28 days annual leave, based on full time hours (Bank Holidays included) Recognition schemes (Akari Star Award) We are always searching for passionate and experienced people who are prepared to continuously grow, develop, and learn. There are also career progression opportunities at all levels which could see you progress to more senior roles. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"144"	144	"Pleural Fellow"	"Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is seeking to appoint a full time Pleural Fellow to the department of respiratory and General Medicine. The clinical duties of this post will be based predominantly at Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital (NSECH); however cross site working may be required including sessions at Wansbeck General Hospital (WGH) and North Tyneside General Hospital (NTGH).  This post will allow us to improve our current provision of pleural procedures with a strong focus on delivery through day case procedures and weekly pleural clinics. The successful candidate will be given full training in a range of pleural procedures including medical thoracoscopy, pleural vent, pleural biopsy using tru-cut needles, indwelling pleural and peritoneal catheter insertion.  You will be encouraged over the course of the year to develop a largely autonomous role whilst providing specialist training and guidance to the wider medical and nursing team. You will participate in the provision of outpatient services, Thoracoscopy and other Pleural procedures trustwide as well as taking an active role in the current Medical Registrar on call rota based at NSECH.  You will be a focal point of contact for the Ambulatory care department for any pleural patients that might come there and expected to review them there. You will also have a crucial role in enabling us to develop more outpatient pleural pathways for thoracoscopy and indwelling catheters.  The department is actively involved in research and actively recruits to a number of clinical trials. There will be the opportunity to carry out a project and previous post holders have presented at meetings and published.  You will join a team of 14 consultant respiratory physicians, 4 specialist trainees, 4 lung cancer nurse posts, 7 respiratory specialist nurses and 4 Long Term Oxygen Therapy Nurse Specialists Trustwide. You will be provided with support and training from the trust pleural sub specialists (Dr Aujayeb (trust pleural lead), Dr Miller, Dr McBrearty and Dr Cooper) as well as the wider team as and when required.  The Acute Medical team has 9 consultants, 3 specialist trainees and 2 staff grades  There are lung function laboratories at both NTGH and WGH sites and a service supporting Hexham General Hospital and outlying clinics. There is a full range of diagnostics available including EBUS. You will have the opportunity to develop competency at EBUS as well  This is an opportunity to join an organisation in which clinicians are at the forefront of management. A full description of the structure of the medical directorate and department of respiratory medicine is enclosed within.  Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is committed to assisting all employees to achieve a work-life balance, regardless of their personal circumstances. Any applicant who is unable, for personal reasons, to work full-time, will be eligible to be considered for the post. If such a person is appointed, modification of the job content will be discussed on a personal basis in consultation with colleagues  The post will work at our North Tyneside General Hospital and Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital sites but the post holder may be required to work at other sites within the Trust.  Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is committed to ensuring a safe and high quality of patient care underpinned by our Trust values. It is expected that all employees demonstrate their commitment to these in their daily activity. In addition to this you may be asked ‘Values-based interview questions at interview.  The post is subject to the Medical and Dental Staff Terms and Conditions of Service. Closing Date: 29th May 2019"	"Cramlington "	NA	"£31,217 - £41,300 a year"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"145"	145	"Support Practitioner - Newcastle/North Tyneside"	"  Community Integrated Care is currently seeking a dedicated and compassionate health care specialist for a Support Practitioner position based in Newcastle and North Tyneside.   Utilising your specialist knowledge and experience, you will be the subject matter expert, providing personalised care and support to those with complex needs.   Always daring to be the best you can be, you will take responsibility for assessing the effectiveness of support provided and to contribute to the multi- agency care and support planning its successful implementation.   With experience working in complex care within a social or health care setting, you will have an upbeat positive manner as well as having a genuine passion for supporting people to become a part of their local and wider community.   You will bring creative ideas and compassion to encourage the people you will be supporting live as independently as possible.   In addition you will be comfortable using basic IT systems that are required within the role - training can be offered to support this area. You will also hold a NVQ/SVQ Level 4 Health and Social Care (Scotland) or Level 4 Diploma in Care (England).   Naturally it is important too that you share our company values - We Include; We Deliver; We Aspire; We Respect; We Enable, which are at the heart of everything we do and ensure that we deliver high quality, consistent care and support.   In return, we offer you a rewarding role with the opportunity to develop your skills and future career in a rewarding and enriching environment. We also offer the following; Comprehensive induction and commitment to on-going learning and development 28 days holiday (inclusive of bank holiday) Holiday purchase scheme Contributory pension scheme Access to a free app offering retail discounts, leisure savings and holiday and travel discounts Employee of the month and other recognition schemes Employee Assistant programme - available 24/7 Wellbeing Fund Employee Voice - GameChangers We will also pay for your disclosure  Community Integrated Care is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity.  "	"North Tyneside"	"Permanent"	"£10 an hour"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"146"	146	"Part Time Customer Advisor"	"    This vacancy is for 20 hours per week, days to be arranged. As one of our Customer Advisors you will be responsible for making sure our customers receive the best service we can deliver by putting them at the heart of everything you do. You will be highly motivated, approachable and can demonstrate great skills in building rapport with our customers. You will be required to fulfil and understand our customer’s needs by providing an inspirational, creative consultation and making the customer experience one they will not forget. No day will be the same, you could be advising on what product is best suited to our customer’s needs, arranging finance or dealing with measurements to looking after store presentation and promotions.   Why join us? Carpetright is the award winning carpet, flooring and beds specialist, offering a fantastic range of products that are guaranteed high quality along with a great service. With over 500 stores, we are recognised as Europe’s largest and leading flooring retailer. The two most important things to us are our Customers and our Colleagues, these are what have made us the market leader in what we do. If you are passionate, friendly and have bags of energy you’ll fit right in. Flooring and Beds is what we know best and we’ll pass that knowledge on so you are equipped with the tools to become a success - the sky is the limit!   Skills Previous experience in a consultative retail environment is advantageous but not essential. A Passion or an eye for design. Enthusiasm to drive our business forward and personally succeed. Delivering a Retail experience enabling natural conclusion of a sale. Creating a relaxed, fun and enjoyable shopping experience. A real passion for service and customers. A fun and positive attitude. Strong desire and belief to be the best in all aspects of your role.   Benefits In return for your hard work and commitment you will be rewarded with a competitive salary + commission. We also offer fantastic additional benefit, which include: Pro rata 28 days holidays.Enchanced Maternity & PaternityPension SchemeDiscount PortalUniformGenerous Commission scheme for each sale made and other incentives. Comprehensive Product training with ongoing updates. Colleague Discount Scheme. Save as you earn scheme. Opportunity for career progression supported by structured development.    "	"Cramlington"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"147"	147	"Ecommerce Executive"	" GRS Footwear is one of the UK's leading suppliers of footwear to the trade and public, supplying B2B & B2C, with our brands Lunar, Grisport, Goodyear & Levi's. As part of our drive to improve our online content and sales, we have a position open for a website & Ecommerce Executive. This position is ideal for a recently qualified University graduate looking to make a mark in their first employment position and who can bring ideas, enthusiasm and attention to detail to their work. Main Responsibilities:  Assists in the creation and maintenance of the eCommerce strategy Understand & develop sources of traffic to the site (email, SEO, PPC, affiliates, social media etc) Assist with the development of the company website, managing the user experience of the website including site navigation, content development, checkout funnel and promotional campaigns Developing and optimising our sites using SEO skills Evaluate and assess new ways of generating additional traffic to the sites Writing eye-catching content, sales emails and marketing campaigns. Managing and growing products via Amazon, eBay and other 3rd party marketplaces. Creating, Overseeing and reporting on PPC Campaigns Analysing customer behaviour on our sites and presenting ideas to increase conversion rates. Understanding the position of our brands in the marketplace and marketing them accordingly Skills / Qualifications As previously mentioned, this role would suit a self motivated, driven and entrepreneurial recent graduate who is passionate about delivering online growth and who is able to maintain and update web content, while driving ecommerce revenue. Strong attention to detail Ability to work on your own, or part of the team Strong knowledge & understanding of Google Analytics, SEO & conversion optimisation Excellent written & verbal communication skills You must be educated to Bachelors Degree standard Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £16,000.00 to £22,000.00 /year Experience: Ecommerce / SEO: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Cramlington "	"Permanent"	"£16,000 - £22,000 a year"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"148"	148	"Branch Assistant"	"Job Introduction We are looking for someone with a real can-do attitude who is passionate about delivering excellent customer service and willing to go the extra mile for our customers.  We are 5/7 day operation, (check our website for specific opening times.)  We only recruit individuals who are aged 17 and over  Main Responsibilities Customers are at the heart of everything we do, our customers need to be back in their own business as quickly as possible having found what they need, we keep the shelves full, provide speed of service through the tills and wish them a fond farewell or maybe our customers need a delivery and we are accurately picking what they need.  The Ideal Candidate A can do attitude A Passion for customer service Be willing to go the extra mile Always be there, on time and properly presented.  About The Company Booker is the UK's leading food & drink wholesaler. We are privileged to serve independent retailers, caterers and small businesses, from 196 locations across the country, and are committed to improving choice, price and service for them.  Benefits Package Colleague Discount Card Childcare Vouchers Share Schemes Discounted Healthcare plan Uniform Contributory Pension Regional allowances, dependent upon location "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"149"	149	"Executive Assistant"	" Job DescriptionTurnitin is seeking an Executive Assistant to play a vital role in our EMEA Sales organisation. We are looking for an action-oriented person to be the ‘right hand’ of our Regional Director; being involved in all aspects of the organisation from preparation and coordination, through to the execution of projects and responsibilities for the Director and the wider sales organisation. They will be an integral component in the success of the whole EMEA Sales organisation.  The Executive Assistant role varies widely, from supporting the Regional Director with organising appointments, submitting expense reports and booking travel, through to working directly with the Regional Director on operational processes and strategy. Other responsibilities include…..  Preparing meetings and tasks for and with the Regional Head  Coordinating, supporting and finalising tasks of the Regional Head  Support and drive periodic reporting on business metrics of the region.  Carry out research, coordinate and execute both strategic operational projects and initiatives.  Attend operational meetings, representing the Regional Director, and channeling decision requirements between the Regional Director, his team, and other operational teams.  Follow up outputs from meetings at the Regional Director’s direction, and ensuring things are closed out and complete  Organising & facilitating events for the EMEA region, both internal and external, working in partnership with the People & Places team, and Regional Marketing team  QualificationsRequired  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Strong organizational and analytical skills  Knowledge of CRM systems, specifically SalesForce  Commercial awareness and understanding, in order to identify and exploit market opportunities in the ed sector  Desirable  Commercial knowledge of the education sector  Familiarity with Learning Management Systems such as Blackboard, Moodle, Canvas, eCollege and/or publishing platforms such as WriteSmart and Cengage Learning  Experience working with teams located in numerous locations  Project Management qualification  MBA  Additional InformationBenefits   Competitive salary, generous holiday allowance and benefits package including…  Pension and life assurance scheme  Gym reimbursement, tuition reimbursement  Discounted commuter benefits  Wellbeing programme  Turnitin, LLC is committed to the policy that all persons have equal access to its programs, facilities and employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, creed, disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital or veterans status.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"150"	150	"3564 Plastering Apprentice"	"As an apprentice you will develop skills, knowledge and experience in all aspects of plastering, the apprenticeship will cover a broad range of plastering skills including preparing surfaces for plaster and working with fibrous plaster to create solid internal and external finishes. This will be via on the job training and formal training sessions to gain knowledge and understanding to ensure that you attain the required skills, knowledge and experience to become a fully qualified plasterer. You’ll commence as a level 2 apprentice with progression to the level 3 apprenticeship if you achieve the required standard at level 2.  Working within the Housing, Property & Construction Services Division of North Tyneside Council you will work across all areas of this service, providing support to both our tenants and residents.  You will work as part of an operational team assisting in the direct delivery of plastering services across the borough.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months"	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"151"	151	"Support Officer"	"The successful applicant will manage a caseload of review financial assessments for customers who receive adult social care services and advise how much they would need to contribute towards such services including carrying out a welfare benefit check on behalf of the customer. The applicant will also allocate referrals received into the team from Social Workers for customers who have been assessed as needing social care. They will also collate, record and maintain statistical information relating to the team activity and performance for a variety of reasons.  This post is exempt from the rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 and therefore will be subject to a DBS check from the Disclosure and Barring Service.  For an informal discussion please contact Tracey Humphrey on 0191 561 8083 or email tracey.humphrey@sunderland.gov.uk  Applications should be made on-line at northeastjobs.org.uk/sunderlandcitycouncil. For further assistance contact the Org Man & Resourcing Team by Telephone: 0191 561 1755 . Email: jobs@sunderland.gov.uk Please note that CV’s are not acceptable.  Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered online with North East Jobs, including your invitation to any online assessment you are required to undertake and your to invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email inbox after the closing date for notifications as you may not be notified by any other means. Please remember to check your junk mail items.  Please be advised if you have not heard from us in six weeks after the closing date please assume you have not been shortlisted."	"Sunderland "	"Permanent"	"£19,554 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"152"	152	"Sales Consultant – Temporary (Various Department)"	" About the RoleTo be a successful Sales Team Member you will: Offer fast and friendly service at all times, helping our customers to find the perfect products Share your passion and knowledge about our amazing products Work in all areas of the store, including sales floors, stockrooms and processing deliveries Take control of your own development About You A great communicator who’s always looking for ways you can help Friendly, calm and efficient – even on your busiest days Excited about the challenge of a varied and fast-paced job Flexible, supportive and always ready to go the extra mile Check out the amazing benefits listed below - all subject to contract. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"153"	153	"Rental Administrator"	" Hodgson Newcastle Limited is the multi award winning dealership group located in Newcastle and Gateshead.We’ve been supplying vehicles from Toyota, Mazda and Suzuki since 1959. Hodgson prides ourselves on putting customers first and having the best team to support this.We are not looking for a 'just a job' employee, we want a 'Team Player' who works positively together with everyone to get the job done the best way possible. * To assist with the everyday running of the Car Rental Department. To Assist with all Car rental activity including new vehicle entry, de-fleets and rentals to corporate clients, private customers and internal departments. To assist in and accurately prepare invoices and rental agreements. The successful candidate will have a friendly customer facing attitude, with excellent communication and administration skills, computer literate and a great attention to detail. Must have Full clean Driving license due to the nature of this role.*This is an Admin / Driver role Duties and responsibilities Collect and Deliver Rental Vehicles to customers. Occasionally Update Department Spread sheets and Rental Program software. Handle individual customers as necessary and reply to customer correspondence. Ensure that all vehicles are delivered and collected in a timely professional manner. Support any promotional activity and special events if / when required. Complying at all times with Company and Manufactures policies and procedures ensuring all health, safety, environmental and legal requirements are strictly adhered to. Developing and maintaining positive and professional relationships with colleagues and clients to ensure high standards of customer satisfaction are delivered. Supporting strategies to retain relationships built with existing customers whilst identifying opportunities for new business, building long - term loyalty and profitability. Working efficiently as part of the Hodgson Team. Carry out any other work related duties requested by your manager. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £8.21 to £9.45 /hour Experience: automotive: 2 years (Preferred) Customer Service: 3 years (Required) Rental: 2 years (Preferred) Education: A-Level or equivalent (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Required)"	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	"£8.21 - £9.45 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"154"	154	"Apprentice Medical Receptionist/Administrator"	" The Grove Medical Group, 1 The Grove, Newcastle upon Tyne NE3 1NU Apprentice Medical Receptionist / Administrator – Two year fixed term contract full time  £7,800 per annum in the first year, current minimum wage in second year. This is an ideal opportunity to become an apprentice and you will develop new skills and knowledge whilst working with an established team gaining valuable work experience and a recognised apprenticeship qualification. You will be employed on a fixed term contract for 2 years and are expected to complete the apprenticeship NVQ level 2 in Business Administration qualification within this time period. You will be working with both the Reception Team, dealing patients face to face, answering telephones and dealing with patients queries and working with the Administration Team, providing clerical and administration support. We are looking for an individual with a good standard of education, with English and Maths GCSE at grade A-C or grade 4 or above (or predicted), excellent verbal and written communication skills. You should be able to work as part of a team and have a pleasant manner. Those who are successful in the first round of shortlisting will be informed of interview dates. Closing dates for applications is the 24th May 2019 Job Types: Full-time, Apprenticeship "	"Gosforth"	"Apprenticeship"	"£7,800 a year"	-3.4389401	54.4185996
"155"	155	"Kitchen Porter/Assistant"	" As Kitchen Porter you will be assisting in the up-keep and cleaning of the kitchen, in a friendly environment. Main duties include: Ensure basic cleaning jobs are carried out as quickly as possible. Collect and wash up pots and pans. Clean food preparation equipment, in addition to crockery and cutlery. Keep work surfaces, walls and floors clean and sanitised. Basic food preparation The successful candidate will be a hard-working individual who has a passion for cleanliness and someone who excels in a team-work environment. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £6.50 to £8.31 /hour Experience: similar: 1 year (Preferred)Location: Hexham (Preferred)"	"Hexham"	"Part-time"	"£6.50 - £8.31 an hour"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"156"	156	"Administration Assistant"	"Assist with the office administration for a busy Accident Repair Centre. Answering the telephone and providing assistance to clients who personally attend the business premises. Provide information and repair updates to clients, work providers and referrers by telephone. General office duties to including taking accident/claim details, computer data input. Work co-operatively with colleagues, customers, suppliers and other parties as instructed. Have a good telephone manner. Perform in a suitable manner with accuracy and promptly any other tasks and duties that may from time to time be reasonably requested of you by the Companies management."	"Cramlington "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"157"	157	"Floor sander"	" We are looking for a confident individual to join our team that is willing to learn and progress. Candidate must be hard working, polite and outgoing with good experience using hand tools and power tools etc. A joinery background would help but not essential aslong as you have an interest in this job. Local work around Newcastle mixed with Working up and down the country so must be willing to work away from home. CSCS card is preferred but not essential but will be needed. Drivers license is a must. Due to the nature of the job the hours aren’t always 8am 4:30pm and often a lot of this is travelling. Rate of pay will depend on the experience of the successful candidate. Bonus paid for working away from home. Job Type: Full-time Experience: construction industry: 3 years (Preferred)Licence: Drivers (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"158"	158	"Receptionist"	"  Job Ref: CG2650   Branch: Holiday Inn Jesmond   Location: Holiday Inn Jesmond, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: National Minimum Wage + Benefits   Contract type: Permanent   Hours: Full Time   Shift pattern: 7am-3pm / 3pm-11pm / Mid Shifts   Hours per week: 32 / 40   Posted date: 17/05/2019   Closing date: 19/06/2019  At Cairn Group we’re ambitious. With a varied and extensive UK portfolio of hotels, bars and restaurants in our portfolio, we’re focused on continual growth and are in it for the long haul. We are a family owned business with family values at our core, with a growing team and sites UK wide.  About the role...  We are seeking a friendly, personable, customer focussed Hotel Receptionist to join our team! For us, delivering consistent exceptional customer service and looking for opportunities to exceed customer expectations wherever possible, is what's most important.  You'll provide an outstanding welcome and farewell to our guests (You are the first and last person they are likely to see,) and an exceptional customer service throughout their stay with us at the hotel. They'll also be some administrative duties which include: Telephone enquries, Reservations, Guest Arrial Reports, Preparing bills, taking payments, conduct end of shift / day banking.. Our shift pattern for Full Time work is based on 5 days from 7, Part time is Pro-Rata. This role will include weekends.  About You...  Personality is Key for this role. Experience within Customer Service. Experience as Hotel Receptionist is desirable but not essential. Experience using a PMS system is desirable but not essential.  Holiday Inn Newcastle-Jesmond is a 116 bed modern hotel. You can also enjoy a delicious meal at either the Fratello’s Italian Restaurant or the Zio Bar & Grill, or some refreshing drinks at the Terrace Bar. All three locations give you a taste of affluent Jesmond.  Benefits: IHG Staff Rate Scheme IHG Friends & Family Rate IHG Brand Training Discounted Meals whilst on shift Cairn Group Staff Discount Scheme Retail and travel discounts Recruit a friend Scheme Induction and training programme Star of the Month & Golden Ticket Award Pension scheme Cairn Academy' Training & Development Opportunities Uniform Cycle 2 work scheme* (* Applies to positions above minimum wage) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"159"	159	"Store Colleague"	" Here at McColl’s we pride ourselves on being UK market leaders in neighbourhood retailing. Our continued success depends entirely on the dedication of our Store teams. As a Store Colleague it will be your responsibility to ensure our customers receive the first class customer service that they have come to expect every time they visit one of our stores. It is also about talking to customers promoting various products through active selling. (*Please do not worry we will train you to do this*). Other duties will include, till and cash operation, stock control, merchandising and assisting the store management team by maintaining a clean and well-presented store at all times. We are looking for people who enjoy building relationships with customers and colleagues a like. If this sounds like you, please apply today! Benefits: colleague discount, generous colleague saving opportunities and pension scheme. To apply for this position please email your CV. For any premises that sell alcohol suitable candidates must be over the age of 18 due to licencing conditions. (Only suitable applicants will be contacted)Salary £8.21 per hour aged 25 and over, 16 Hours per week Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.21 /hour "	"Shilbottle"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6895212	55.3722591
"160"	160	"Welding/Manufacturing Assistant (Part Time)"	" Required for a growing business, currently manufacturing automotive accessories to the Land Rover Aftermarket however new products being introduced to our lineA position has arisen to assist the Managing Director in the day to day manufacturing of our current product range. Working as part of a small team, in a friendly environment. Duties to include:Most aspects of the business from goods in to dispatch.Quality checking at goods in. MIG WeldingFabrication of products to specified guidelinesLiaising with suppliers and delivering/collecting of supplies. Product fulfilment Candidate must have: Must be competent in all aspects of MIG weldingGood communication and literacy/numeracy skills.Able to absorb new information easily and efficiently.Full clean car driving licenseBe reliable and punctual.Able to work on own and as a team. Required:You must have at least 1 years MIG welding and general fabrication experience If we invite you in for an informal chat, a MIG welding test will be required prior to employment. Job Type: Part-time / ad hoc Salary: negotiable depending on experience, skill and work ethic Previous applicants need not apply Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: MIG welding: 1 year (Required)"	"Bedlington "	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5980826	55.1323903
"161"	161	"Ex-Military Training Instructor"	" Ex-Military Training Instructor Location: Anzio House, Newcastle Salary: £18,000 - £25,000 MPCT has recently been voted as the UK's Best Training Provider and is graded as Grade 1 Outstanding by Ofsted. We have prepared and supported over 2,500 of your Learners to join the Armed Forces with over 10,000 of our Learners going into further education or employment. In 2017 we received a TES Training Provider of the Year award and is an award winning company that are proud to hold Investors in People Gold, Best Companies 'Extraordinary' along with The Times Best 100 small companies to work for. Responsibilities and Duties The role includes supporting, coaching and motivating young people to further progress into the military and other vocational training routes. The role has the responsibility for the delivery of a City & Guilds qualification within a military context. The programme also has a military/fitness element so candidates will need to lead a fit healthy life style, enjoy physical activity as part of the delivery of the programme. The role requires the skills to engage, motivate and educate young people. Experience in delivering in a classroom environment would be an advantage. Ideally you will be an ex member of the Armed Forces and hold a professional fitness qualification (Training for a fitness qualification can be given). Each fitness class delivered will be unique, challenging and above all great fun. You will need the ability to plan academic and physical training lessons and be able to plan for the progression of each student. Qualifications and Skills A minimum of 5 years’ military career.Military or civilian Physical Training Qualification.Experience of teaching or instructing.Desirable: Infantry style skills. Benefits 8 Weeks paid holiday, Workplace pension (4%) Bupa healthcare (approx £400) Life Assurance (4 x annual salary), Uniform allowance (£200) Wellbeing contributions (£180.00 per year) Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00 to £25,000.00 /year Experience: PT: 1 year (Preferred) Teaching: 1 year (Preferred) Military: 5 years (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£18,000 - £25,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"162"	162	"Pound Hound"	" We are looking for an actor (male or female) to dress up in a Pound Hound outfit and be filmed handing out prizes to colleagues in the Newcastle Eldon Square Poundland Store, on the 17th May. Filming will take about 2 hours from 9:30 for a flat fee of £70. The shoot is part of a nationwide film to promote Poundland’s colleague sales incentives and shown on Poundlands Internal communications Intranet. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £35.00 /hour Experience: Maskot: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£35 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"163"	163	"Graduate HR Administrator"	" Graduate HR Administrator About Pulman At Pulman we pride ourselves on delivering a fantastic customer experience every time. We are a top Volkswagen Group retailer representing Volkswagen, SEAT and ŠKODA, with sites in Durham and Sunderland. With over 250 people across our group, we are truly one big Pulman family. We want to match and exceed customer’s expectations whilst giving them a truly enjoyable experience you will not find anywhere else. Why join the Pulman family At Pulman we put people at the heart of our business, encouraging everyone to grow, learn and engage. Our family values are mirrored throughout the whole business, everyone is part of the Pulman family which is why we attract and retain loyal employees. The Human Resources Team works in partnership with stakeholders within the business to develop and deliver a people plan which is aligned with the people strategy and business objectives. We are passionate, enthusiastic and we deliver a fantastic customer experience, but above all we have fun whilst we are doing it! The role This a generalist role encompassing all tasks involved in HR including the following: - Maintaining employee records and ensuring all contractual/legal documents and templates are kept up to date and in line with current legislation Administrative tasks in line with HR responsibilities Producing and maintaining organisational charts Training planning and administration Supporting HR Projects as required The person You must have a degree or equivalent qualification, ideally within a business management discipline with a desire to pursue a career in either Human Resources, Training & Development or General Management. This is an entry level role and therefore no previous experience in HR is essential. Top qualities you’ll need to have to succeed in this role are: - Positive attitude Resilience Willingness to learn Communication Empathy If you know you have these qualities and you want to start your career with the Pulman Family please apply in writing, including a covering letter and CV to Lauren Tupling. This role is based at Pulman Volkswagen Durham, but you may be required to work at any of the Pulman Group sites. This role is full time, Monday to Friday 8.30am – 5pm. Salary £18,000pa Job Type: Full-time "	"Durham"	NA	"£18,000 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"164"	164	"Head of Strategy, Planning and Performance"	"As Head of Strategy, Planning and Performance you will be responsible for developingand directing the strategy and managing performance across the NHSBSA, ensuring the organisation remains alert to and supporting of NHS market changes.  You will be responsible for ensuring the performance and delivery of the NHSBSA Strategy is reported to the Board, Leadership Team and wider organisation.. You will role model and actively participate in achieving the NHSBSA purpose and goals through the development of organisational and directorate culture that is open empowers innovation and champions’ on-going service development and performance improvement.  You will develop relationships with the wider NHS and Partner Organisations to ensure strategies and performance are aligned. You will understand cross NHSBSA activities and new business opportunities such as portfolio positioning, strategic marketing, and investment prioritisation in national and surrounding geographic regions; deploying large-scale account strategies in conjunction with the Executive Director and Leadership Team in order to achieve aims and objectives set for the business. You will support the Executive Director on providing strategic support across the NHSBSA to ensure development is commercially viable, customer and positive driven and which adds value to the wider health system.  Deputise for the Executive Director of Strategy, Performance, Business Development and Growth when required."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£61,777 - £72,597 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"165"	165	"Class 1 Tramper"	" CBS are working on behalf of their client based in Newcastle, who are requiring Class 1 drivers, with immediate starts available. Due to continued growth, drivers are encouraged to apply who are looking to get away tramping, with usual working weeks, starting Monday, finishing normally Friday with potentially running in on a Saturday. Drivers must have: CPC and digital tachograph 1 years experience on class 1 Curtain side experience Pay Rate: £10.50 Monday to Friday £22 per night out Job Type: Temporary Salary: £10.50 /hour Experience: on class 1: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: digital tachograph (Preferred) CPC (Driver Certificate of Professional Competence) (Preferred) Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£10.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"166"	166	"Womenswear Design Student Placement"	"   Barbour began manufacturing clothing over 100 years ago here in the North East of England when founder John Barbour opened a store selling oilskin coats, designed to protect the growing community of sailors and fishermen from the worst of the British weather.   Today, Barbour is a fifth-generation family owned British business and holds three Royal warrants. The brand is sold in over 40 countries including Germany, France, Italy, Spain, the US and Japan, and has broad appeal for both countryside and city.   Barbour is a British Lifestyle Brand, stocking Menswear, Womenswear, Footwear, Accessories and a range for Dogs. The company remains committed to honouring its rich heritage by continuing to provide world-class customer service and products with exceptional quality worldwide.   Barbour’s Student Placement Roles  In Barbour’s paid placement programme, students get a full immersion into the brand’s culture for a six-month period. During this time, our Placement Students become an integral part of the team, tackling complex business challenges, contributing to the company’s growth and building relationships and skills that they will then carry forward throughout their career. The focus of this role is to support the Womenswear Design team.   The main responsibilities of the role include:  Updating and producing specification boards showing designs and details with all specification information clearly presented.  Updating and producing matrix boards categorising all designs in each segment area.  Existing garment research: styles, price ranges, comparative brands  Produce presentation boards of your research and presenting them to the designer; create mood boards and presentation boards.  Assisting with the formatting and inputting of data into PowerPoint presentations for in house sales launch and GSM  Attending regular team meetings on deadline updates   The Person Must be participating in an undergraduate programme Desirable to be able to demonstrate a keen interest in British Heritage Brands.   Knowledge and Skills Required Highly organised. Working knowledge of Microsoft business packages Strong communication skills. Proactive & flexible. Working knowledge of Cad. Illustrator / Photo shop / Prezi   Additional Information  Salary - £100 per week as well as £5 per day travelling expenses  Annual Holidays - 25 days paid holiday + bank holidays  Staff discount - A staff discount purchase scheme is available to all placement students.  The role is based in Head Office: Barbour House, Simonside, South Shields, NE32 3EG  To apply for this role applicants must be studying on a UK Sandwich Degree course  Please attach a portfolio link to your CV.  This placement is a 12-month placement starting in July 2019.  "	"South Shields"	NA	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"167"	167	"Client Services Executive"	"  Purpose of the Role  The Client Services team mission is to ensure all clients receive the best customer experience and understand the true value of Partnerize to grow revenue.  As a member of the Client Services team, you will provide support, training and guidance to Partnerize’s customers – primarily in the EMEA region but also globally; educating and consulting them on how to use our software. Your role will also include on-boarding new clients and their partners to our Partner Management Platform. Occasionally you will travel to meet clients, manage or partake in internal or customer facing projects and also provide training to customers and internal teams.  Essential knowledge, skills, and abilities  Client or customer support experience Teamwork, strong work ethic and enthusiasm to learn Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience Strong prioritisation and organisational skills Strong interpersonal and soft skills Comprehensive computer literacy Problem solving skills Desirable knowledge, skills, and abilities  Experience in digital marketing Understanding of online tracking methodologies Experience writing guides and training material Project Management skills Previous experience in external or internal training Marketing, Advertising or Business degree At least working proficiency in any of the following languages: German, French, Italian, Spanish Key Responsibilities  Provide customer support for Partnerize’s clients and partners Assist on-boarding of new clients and partners to the Partnerize platform Train clients on the Partnerize software and services Provide documentation for both internal and external use Process translation of documents, support tickets and platform content Liaise with internal teams to ensure we provide extensive service for clients Manage tasks and projects, ensuring deadlines and KPIs are met Host and contribute to team meetings Attend client facing events such as QBRs, deployment days and training sessions (includes occasional travel for work)   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"168"	168	"Training Consultant - Employability Team"	"  Permanent, full-time post | Salary: up to £27,744 per annum Location: Derwentside College, Consett Closing Date: Sunday 02 June 2019  Are you interested in joining a dynamic and progressive organisation, with a clear vision to be the number one College in the North East?  Why Derwentside College?  Derwentside College is the top performing college in the country for student satisfaction and in the top 10% nationally for achievement. We are an ambitious organisation with exciting plans to improve and develop our curriculum for full-time learners and increase recruitment of school leavers. We are seeking to recruit a talented practitioner with the ability to deliver across a range of foundation learning and employability programmes. You will have the desire to support young people - some with learning difficulties or disabilities - towards their aspirational career by raising and supporting their ambitions. We are a values-driven organisation, with the highest expectations of our learners – we expect all of our staff to strive to live these values and place learners first. What you will do? The person appointed will play an instrumental role in this high performing department. You will be passionate about supporting young people towards their chosen careers and be an expert at broadening their horizons and removing barriers to learning and employment. You will hold, be working towards, or be willing to work towards a relevant teaching or assessing qualification and be capable of delivering excellent training to young people and adults. What’s in it for you? 35 days annual leave plus statutory bank holidays Christmas closure days Automatic entry to the Local Government Pension Scheme Flexible working Annual staff celebration day Continuous professional development Free on-site parking Free use of the on-site gym  This is a permanent, full-time post and the starting salary will depend upon an individual’s level of experience.  The College is positively committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children, young people and vulnerable adults who attend its education and training provision. All staff are expected to share this commitment. The person appointed will be required to obtain a satisfactory DBS Enhanced Disclosure. As an equal opportunities employer, the College welcomes applicants from all sections of the community.  Applications can be completed online, alternatively email HR@derwentside.ac.uk to request a pack. No Agencies. For an informal discussion regarding the role, please contact Lindsey Dart – Head of Faculty on (01207) 585927. Closing date for applications – Midnight Sunday 2nd June 2019 Interview date – Monday 17th June 2019   Click here for information on the College's privacy policy This job advert may close as soon as sufficient suitable applications have been received. If interested please apply for this post as soon as possible.   "	"Consett"	NA	"£27,744 a year"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"169"	169	"Customer Team Member"	" Customer Team Member (Customer Assistant) Location: 31 Market Street, Newcastle Upon Tyne, NE1 6JE Pay: £8.38 per hour & amazing benefits Contract: 16 hours per week + regular overtime, part time No experience needed as full training given  Working pattern: Various shifts to include evenings and weekends. Working as a customer assistant is more than stacking the shelves. Our stores are a huge part of the community and everything you do will be focused on providing a great service to our customers and members. Whether that’s working early mornings in our in-store bakery, during the day on the shop floor, or working late evenings to help close the store, every customer assistant can expect to do something different every day. What you’ll do as a customer assistant:deliver friendly and helpful customer service take time to listen and confidently resolve customer queries prepare, present and handle all store products (including packaged meat and age-restricted items) make sure the shop always looks its best by keeping it clean and tidy work in a fast paced environment on different tasks throughout the day promote Co-op membership and make a difference in your community  Being a customer assistant would suit people who have:a real passion for customer service great communications and listening skills the ability to work as a team and achieve team and individual goals an enthusiastic approach to work and a willingness to support your colleagues when the store gets busier the flexibility to work a range of shifts to support the opening times of the store  Why Co-op? As a Co-op colleague you’ll do work that matters in an organisation where principles are just as important as profits. You’ll also get a package that includes:a competitive rate of pay including an increase after 6 months premium rates for any hours worked before 6am or after 10pm and if you work on a public holiday (not including bank holidays) flexible working times, as well as regular overtime 10% discounts on all food products, including 20% on own brand at payday weekend discounts on other Co-op products and services a pension with up to 10% employer contributions  Building an inclusive workplace We’re actively building diverse teams and welcome applications from everyone. But simply having a diverse workforce is not enough. We want to build an inclusive environment, where everyone can contribute their best work and develop to their full potential. We celebrate our differences, and recognise the importance of our teams reflecting the communities they serve.   As a convenience retailer, our stores are open for when our customers need us, so we need candidates to be flexible of when they’re willing to work. At interview, we’ll ask you to provide additional times for when you can work during the week, we call this preferred availability and will help make sure our stores are always fully staffed for our customers and members.  Please note that we can only accept candidates aged 18 or over as this role requires working before 6am, after 10pm or involves working in one of our Petrol Forecourts. As part of your application you’ll need to complete an online assessment. It will take you around 20 minutes to complete this test. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£8.38 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"170"	170	"Multi Drop - Non LGV - Driver"	" An exciting new Multi-Drop Van Driver opportunity at DX!   All about you  You will be friendly, hard-working and love the buzz of getting things done. We value team players and here at DX we are committed to providing our people with the technical and personal skills to progress their careers.   About us  We think we are more than just a delivery company. We know each item tells a story and we know that for someone, somewhere, it’ll make their day, or not - if we fail!   DX is the specialist provider of customer-driven solutions for time sensitive, mission critical, high value and secure items delivery. DX routinely handles goods from many high street retailers and industry sectors including homeware, high street fashion, optical lenses, pharmacy items and jewellery along with legal documents, the UK Government and foreign embassies for identity documents and visas.   Our brand is what we do every day and our values set the tone for how we want our colleagues to go about their business of delivering the Delivered Exactly promise. Our goal every day is to deliver on our promises, so you can deliver on yours.   What will it feel like to be part of our team?  At DX, we know our people are our foundation of success. We are passionate about your career progression with us. We strive to develop and promote from within whenever we can, so if you want to develop your career DX will provide the training and the opportunities!   Role summary:  To collect deliver customers’ products to the required premises ensuring all customers receive exceptional customer service as part of a multi-drop delivery route. The driver will ensure that all products are transported by van safely to the customers’ premises, treating their freight as if it were their own.   Key responsibilities Proven track record of driving 3.5t vehicles in a safe and legal manner ensuring compliance with all legal requirements Collect and Deliver goods to customers’ premises ensuring deliveries are made within customer Service Level Agreements Good geographical knowledge and the ability to navigate using maps whilst gaining local knowledge Takes pride in delivering exceptional customer service and has the ability to build a rapport with others Solving customer problems at the point of delivery   Additional information on this role  A current driving licence is essential for this role. This is an active role and a great opportunity to thrive in a fantastic team environment and grow with the company.   Benefits: Holidays: 20 days + bank holidays Pension, Life Assurance, discounted gym membership, full uniform and other additional benefits Excellent opportunities for career progression and more!!    We look forward to hearing from you! "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£8.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"171"	171	"Sales Advisor (8 hours)"	" About Select Fashion:  Select Fashion is a high-street women’s-wear retailer aimed at 18-45 year olds. With up to 4,000 products and new lines added each week, Select offers quality products inspired by the latest fashion trends at an affordable price. Select is focused on delivering high retail standards in store and excellent customer service. We are looking for a motivated, enthusiastic individual with a ‘can do’ attitude. We need you to be a ambassador, to keep up the the company’s standards while delivery the best customer service. Job Responsibilities:  - Maximising sales as a friendly and knowledgeable team member - Deliver outstanding customer service across all areas of the store - Great communication skills - Maintain high retail standards - Be confident, positive and enthusiastic - Promote offers in store - Work individually and as part of a team - Maintain cleanliness of store - Protect store profits against theft and poor handling of stock - Reliable This job posting is for a 8 hour Sales Advisor. Candidates must be flexible as shifts range from 9-6 Monday to Saturday. Previous retail experience preferred (not essential). Job Type: Part-time Salary: £4.35 to £8.21 /hour "	"Consett"	"Part-time"	"£4.35 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"172"	172	"Digital Surveyor"	" Are you a land or building surveyor looking for an opportunity to move into 3D laser scanning? Or a laser scanning surveyor looking for a new challenge? Three Sixty Group are looking for a surveyor to join our expanding team to assist with our interesting and varied laser scanning projects throughout the UK and further afield. Experience in one or more of the following: land surveying, measured building surveying or 3D laser scan surveying Ability to work independently and as part of a team Enthusiastic and motivated A full UK driving licence Job Type: Full-time Salary: £17,000.00 to £25,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£17,000 - £25,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"173"	173	"Kitchen Porter | Seasonal Role"	" We’re all about people. Why else would we be in hospitality? What will I be responsible for as Kitchen Porter? We like individuality, and not just in our people. If you are the kind of person who likes to work within a busy team where taking pride in what you do and keeping the workplace spotlessly clean is “just the way you are” then working as a Kitchen Porter with us is the perfect job for you.Kitchen Porters are a crucial part of our kitchen team who support the chefs and restaurant staff by making sure that there is always clean equipment available and that the kitchen is a safe and hygienic place to work. Where Will You Be Working? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s in it for you? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Is this Kitchen Porter role right for me? We are looking for someone who can communicate well with others, can carry out instructionas and can cope with the physical demands of regular cleaning duties, lifting and carrying in our kitchen and back of house areas . Experience is not necessary as full training will be provided. Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary "	"Slaley"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"174"	174	"Administrative Officer"	" We are looking to recruit an experienced, hard-working Administrative Officer to work with our client based in Durham on a full-time, temporary basis until December 2019. This position offers full-time, Monday - Friday hours with the pay rate of £9.36 per hour. The purpose of the role is to provide effective administrative and clerical support to the Operations Manager/s within the department. Duties/Responsibilities; Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Specialist Teams; Oversee the provision of administrative support to OPS/FF staff within designated buildings, including day to day allocation of work; Support the Team Leader, Service Support, in the delivery of all buildings management functions; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Operations Manager; Ensure that business needs are prioritised and managed effectively; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate; Carry out other duties commensurate with the grade of the post. Administrative Duties:  Supporting the OPS/FF staff in the locality in the provision of general clerical and administrative support; Assist with general typing duties – reports, letters, genograms, chronologies etc; Assist with reception duties (receiving visitors, taking calls & messages, dealing with queries); To take a lead and oversee cover arrangements within designated buildings Managing incoming communications (email, post, telephone calls) and highlighting/prioritising key points to follow up; To create electronic documents, reports, letters etc from copy and dictation To highlight issues of a urgent nature to relevant senior members of the team; Set up and maintain electronic and manual filing systems; Organise travel, accommodation and hospitality requirements. Finance experience would be an advantage. Full job description available on application. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £9.36 /hour Experience: Administration: 1 year (Preferred) Finance: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: BTEC National in Public Administration/NVQ 3 Business Admin (Preferred)"	"Consett"	"Temporary"	"£9.36 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"175"	175	"Sports Apprentice"	"    Catchgate Community Primary School are looking to work in partnership with Sunderland College in the successful recruitment of a L3 Sports Apprentice to start in school in September 2019. Candidates must demonstrate passion for learning, drive and commitment as they ultimately will be responsible for the completion of their learning journey alongside developing their practical knowledge in a school setting. Supported by school staff candidates must show a desire to work with children. Although previous experience is not essential; to be able to demonstrate the importance of PE and healthy living and the impact this has on children would be beneficial. The successful candidate must be a team player joining a large team in school with a dedicated sports department. The successful candidate will work alongside the Sports Coordinator in assisting the planning and delivery of PE Provision to all children across the age range of 0-11; taking part in a wide range of physical activities. Duties to include: Support the planning, delivery and evaluation of Sports, PE, swimming and Physical Activity to classes of children Develop new sessions with existing school teachers Support the development of extra-curricular offers and run sessions in after school clubs Liaising with parents as deemed appropriate Provide general support to other classes / areas of school as required Assist with the provision of Magic Breakfast     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Can work well alone and as part of a team Excellent communication skills verbal and written Organised Is able to converse with children of all ages and adults alike Can self-evaluate own learning    Personal qualities Resilient Independent Punctual Professional Reliable Flexible    Desired qualifications GCSE maths and English Grades (A-C) Grade or 4-9 or equivalents      Future prospects Continue further or higher education within desired field Gain valuable school experience to attract future employers Access to specialist training Develop sporting knowledge into a higher role Opportunities to meet partners within the sector    Things to consider Working outdoors Travelling off site to support sporting activities Provide after school activities Cover after school club when required Assist with the provision of Magic Breakfast       "	"Stanley "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	114.2159129	22.2143908
"176"	176	"Temporary Factored Product Controller & Resistor Buyer"	"  Company Overview   At TT Electronics, you will meet dedicated people who believe that advanced electronics is the key to a brighter, smarter future. Whether it’s advanced flight controls, smart surgical tools, intelligent vehicle charging or seamless automation everywhere, advancements like this come from the minds of passionate, creative people – working to a common goal, watching out for each other, and caring about making a difference in the lives of people all over the world.   Our passion? Simplifying the development of complex electronics… it’s the reason we exist as an organisation. Our way of life? Fostering a culture that values individuals as well as community and teamwork.   Join us – and work with a team that believes success is measured by more than the bottom line, where you’ll find opportunities to achieve your goals, contribute to the lives of others, and build a brighter, smarter future, together.   TT Electronics’ Bedlington facility north of Newcastle upon Tyne is the home of two TT Electronics divisions; Sensors & Specialist Components and Power Electronics. Sensors & Specialist Components are leaders in high reliability, high performance and engineered electronic components. Power Electronics provide custom power solutions for safety-critical applications in harsh environments. The team in Bedlington specialises in microcircuit production for the aerospace and defence industries.   Employee engagement is centre stage; we’re focussed on our employees and making TT a great place to work. Here at Bedlington we continue to invest and improve the site’s facilities, regularly get involved in fundraising for local charities and activities in our community, have a busy social club and have a group wide focus on ‘Build Expertise’ in science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM) subjects developing our current employees and encouraging more to join our industry at this exciting time.  Role Overview and Responsibilities   As part of our commitment to our Sensors and Specialist Components customers, we have an exciting opportunity for a Temporary Purchasing & Factored Product Administrator to join a talented Logistics and Procurement department.  Every employee is critical to our success and as such we offer a range of enhanced employee benefits along with career development opportunities, while you work with us to achieve our strategic growth and enhance our quality contribution.  Introduction   Temporary Purchasing & Factored Product Administrator  for the Logistics & Procurement Department in Bedlington to support the team with daily duties, enabling them to support internal and external Customers more effectively.   Key Responsibilities  Prepare, monitor and expedite resale products purchase orders.  Monitor overdue deliveries and communicate with suppliers/internal/external customers  Progress supplier acknowledgements, check confirmation is in-line with supplier published lead times and update purchasing system, highlighting potential problems  Obtain price and delivery information from suppliers  Respond to invoice/price and stock queries  Support internal sales personnel to ensure customer satisfaction  Organise return shipments in response to supplier failure reports and customer RMA’s.  Create inbound deliveries for materials ordered so that fast and efficient turn round of product can be made.  Complete ad hoc assignments as defined by the Logistics Manager  Monitor stocks of resale products.  Monitor individual supplier on time delivery to WCL request date and supplier commit date  Update lead time sheet for all factored products  To review Purchasing reports and place purchase orders in a timely manner for sufficient product to be delivered at the correct time that meets with the optimum quality  To expedite delinquent suppliers in terms of late delivery of parts and or information relevant to the operation of the company in order to ensure that zero line stoppages are achieved.  To bring to the attention of the Purchasing Manager any Raw Material Issues affecting Production.  To reduce cost and inventory in line with the company and Purchasing and Logistics Managers plan without detriment to quality or customer service. The targets to achieve are as per company issued KPI’s at the point of time.  Update all weekly and monthly reports and graphs   Qualifications, Skills and Attributes   Educated to ‘O/A Level’ standard including English and Mathematics.  Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Word and Excel.  Must be customer focused and have excellent communication, telephone, organisation and planning skills along with the capability to work under pressure and to use own initiative.  Ability to deal with customers and suppliers at all levels is essential  Experience of working in a busy Customer Service/ Logistics Department within a manufacturing environment and is used to having a direct interface with both customers and suppliers  MCIPS Qualified or working towards MCIPS   If you’re interested; come and work with us, The TT Way:   We do the right thing | We bring out the best in each other | We achieve more together | We champion expertise | We get the job done… well!    We have an extremely diverse workforce stretching across the globe and as such, TT Electronics is an Equal Opportunity Employer.    "	"Bedlington"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5980826	55.1323903
"177"	177	"Parking Services Support Officer"	"The successful applicant will manage all processes in relation to penalty charge notices ensuring optimum performance and effectiveness in accordance with legislative requirements, best practice, Council regulations, internal procedures and service delivery standards.  You will be required to develop, plan, organise and manage all aspects of notice processing including formal challenges, formal representations, charge certificates, witness statements and warrants issued to enforcement agents (when required) to ensure an effective statutory process within the given timescales.  Applications should be made on-line at northeastjobs.org.uk/sunderlandcitycouncil. For further assistance contact the Org Man & Resourcing Team by Telephone: 0191 561 1755 . Email: jobs@sunderland.gov.uk Please note that CV’s are not acceptable.  Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered online with North East Jobs, including your invitation to any online assessment you are required to undertake and your to invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email inbox after the closing date for notifications as you may not be notified by any other means. Please remember to check your junk mail items.  Please be advised if you have not heard from us in six weeks after the closing date please assume you have not been shortlisted."	"Sunderland "	"Permanent"	"£26,317 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"178"	178	"Delivery Driver"	" Don't mind 5am starts?...... Great, as we require a Delivery Driver to make bright and early deliveries from our busy wholesale cash & carry. You will be delivering perishable goods to businesses and shops. You must be polite, reliable and have good communication skills along basic written and numerical skills as end of drop paperwork must be completed. Working 6 days a week Monday - Friday 5am - 1.30pm and Saturday 5am - 10am Applicants must be aged 21 or over due to insurance purposes. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: delivery driver: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: driving licence (Preferred)"	"Gateshead"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"179"	179	"Cache External Quality Assurer"	"  Overview   Permanent  Homebased - Full-time  Salary £30,423   Please see link for further information ->Job description   NCFE, one of the UK’s fastest growing, most innovative qualification awarding organisations, is looking for an External Quality Assurer to quality assure the qualifications of our CACHE brand.   To achieve the ambitious levels of organisational performance that we’re striving for, we have high expectations of each and every one of our talented colleagues. Our culture is focused on results and we like our colleagues to work smart and have real pride in the outcomes they achieve. ‘Be the best’ is one of our core values and our colleagues should exhibit this confidence and dedication to reaching our goals.  As an External Quality Assurer you will support centres in your geographical area mentioned below, so it’s important that you live in the region the role is being advertised for.   Area – London and surrounding areas.   A bit about the job…   As an External Quality Assurer (EQA) you’ll effectively manage the performance of centres in your allocated region and ensure it is audited to support regulatory compliance and maximise learner achievement. The main duties and responsibilities of the role are;   Carry out approval visits to potential customers in your geographical location.  Visit your allocated customers according to a planned programme based on risk profiles.  Audit the customer learner management process and procedures to ensure it conforms to agreed service level agreements.  Assess and evaluate the effectiveness of the interaction with CACHE and the customer.  Make any recommendations and action plans for any necessary improvements to ensure conformance of service level agreements.  Following a meeting at the end of each visit formally document and report findings.  Provide support, guidance and training to centres in order for them to achieve the operational requirements.  A bit about you…   Qualification in Quality Management/Assurance.  Experience and qualification(s) relevant to CACHE Branded qualifications  Experience and qualification in Counselling would be advantageous  Experience of undertaking quality assurance in a regulated environment.  Experience in customer relationship management in a business to business environment.  Knowledge of quality assurance processes.  Ability to present views with authority in a collaborative manner.  Ability to use standard Microsoft packages.  Ability to use Microsoft CRM for data entry and visit preparation purposes.  Ability to analyse and interpret data to produce meaningful reports.  Full driving licence.  Interested? Here’s what you need to know…  If you think you have the skills to become an External Quality Assurer at NCFE, we’d love to hear from you! Apply online with your current CV and covering letter highlighting the skills and relevant work experience which makes you suitable for the role.   The closing date for this vacancy is 17th June 2019  Interviews will be held in Newcastle on 27th June 2019   CACHE; Council for Awards in Care, Health and Education; and NNEB are registered trademarks owned by NCFE.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£30,423 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"180"	180	"Administrative Coordinator"	"  Gradvert are passionate about addressing the imbalance that talent is distributed evenly but opportunity is not. That’s why we work with organisations to help them ready themselves for the future of work by creating opportunities for people to learn and grow. We are looking to recruit an ambitious, driven and creative individual to join our Newcastle team, as an Administrative Coordinator.  We help a wide range of companies from British Athletics to Multiplex, by supporting them to strategically respond to the apprenticeship reforms and also put the development of new and existing staff at the heart of their business strategy.  What is unique about us is our genuine love of learning, and the deep relationships that we build with our clients who trust us to be authentic and to deliver their business needs.   Having recently expanded, we are currently looking for an individual to support with the coordination of our end-to-end process, supporting the Solutions, Marketing and Business Development teams.   About the Role   As part of our expansion, we are looking to recruit an enthusiastic, highly organised and professional individual with a clear passion for supporting business growth through the development of people.   The successful candidate will be responsible for the coordination of all administrative tasks required to keep the business moving.   The successful candidate for the Administrative Coordinator position will be responsible for but not limited to:  PA duties to Client Directors & Director of Operations General office management including; central point of contact for head office (telephone/email), stationary ordering, equipment management, internal meeting management, Travel and accommodation bookings and coordination of administrative tasks. Coordination of venues for training delivery and working with delivery team to ensure all logistics prepared. Maintain schedule for all training events including; scheduling, logistics and on-site support for all L&D programmes. Event management and coordination for internal, marketing and client events. Administrative support for the operational, delivery and communication teams.    About You  The successful candidate for the Administrative Coordinator should possess the following attributes to succeed in the role:  Coordination/ Personal Assistant experience, preferably in the training or L&D sector but not essential. Strong administrative skills Excellent interpersonal skills Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Organised with a very strong attention to detail with the ability to work independently IT literate, proficiency with MS Office required (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) and a knowledge of customer management systems Experience of maintaining digital platforms Adaptable and able to succeed in a changeable environment Passionate about learning and a desire to help others to be the best they can be in their roles. Benefits A competitive salary Company laptop Full development programme Coaching and mentoring from the Gradvert team 28 days holiday (including bank holidays), plus your birthday off! Pension scheme     Location  Newcastle    Salary  Competitive   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"181"	181	"3568 Horticulture/Parks Apprentice"	"Working as a horticultural apprentice in Bereavement Services you will experience a huge variety of gardening challenges from conservation areas in Victorian settings to formally laid gardens of memorial.  You will be part of a small highly experienced team who maintain our seven cemeteries and six closed churchyards and your tasks will vary from the basics, litter picking etc. to the more complex; planning and planting floral displays and dealing with Japanese Knotweed.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months"	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"182"	182	"111 Call Advisor"	"    Vacancies for 111 Call Advisors  Hours: Full-time and Part-time hours available, with a minimum of 16 hours per week available.  Salary:From £8.30 per hour  Location:Fox Talbot House-Chippenham   About the role:  Vocare Ltd, trading as Vocare South, are recruiting for 111 Call Advisors to work in their 111 Services situated in Taunton. There are Full time and part time positions available and shifts to be worked flexibly on evenings, weekends and overnights as our service is open 24/7, 365 days a year. There is a minimum of 16 hours a week available.  Duties within the role: Assess the health and clinical needs of patients contacting the service supported by clinical decision making software. Utilise clinical decision making software to make appropriate referrals to other services such as the 999 ambulance service, GPs, in-house clinicians and hospitals. Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of consultations and actions taken using computer software in line with local policies and procedures. Provide professional and courteous telephone service to meet organisational standards for patients seeking assistance from the service. Utilise active listening and probing skills across a diverse range of calls and challenges arising from emotive circumstances and caller anxiety. What we are looking for:  Successful candidates will have a good standard of basic education and experience of working with the general public and dealing with telephone enquiries.  Ideal candidates will also be able to demonstrate good IT Skills and be able to maintain a calm and professional manner whilst under pressure.  Please note that you must be 18 Years or older to apply for this role, this is due to NHS Pathways licensing regulations.  What we can offer you:  We offer a competitive salary, excellent working environment and exciting opportunities for progression within the company. We also offer maternity and sick pay* alongside access to employee benefits provided by Perkbox.  Candidates will also need to be able to offer flexibility in their working hours in order to meet the needs of service which may involve working evenings, weekends and overnights. Subject to terms and conditions How to apply:  To apply, please click on \"apply for this job\" on the right hand side of the screen and complete the application form. Make sure to use the attached job description to support you in writing your application. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible, as once sufficient applications have been received we may decide to close the advert early.  Please assume you have been unsuccessful with your application if you have not heard back from us within 2 weeks of the closing date.  All successful applicants will be subject to a DBS Check.  Vocare Group recognise the diversity of the communities in which we operate and demonstrate this through the service we provide when dealing with patients, their family and carers.   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"183"	183	"Apprentice Junior Content Producer"	" Stream On Demand is at the cutting edge of online learning and multimedia production. Working with some of the country’s largest employers, we are proud of what we do. At the heart of this is our Development Team and an exciting opportunity has arisen for an apprentice to join us in the role of Junior Content Producer, supporting a team of developers, designers and creators. As a Junior Content Producer, you will be responsible for developing and creating content that can be used across a variety of media including digital, social media, broadcast or in print, this including our online learning platform Stream eLearn. Working to a brief, you will research, prepare and develop the media messaging to maximise engagement, capturing the strategy and objectives of the brand, as well as the needs of the client you are representing. Junior Content Producers collaborate with our designers and developers, using software such as Articulate Storyline to create content for Stream eLearn, so an enthusiasm for technology and creating great online experiences is a must. The apprenticeship is set to last 12 months and a level 3 qualification will be awarded. Junior Content Producers may progress into Content Creation / Development roles at more senior levels across the industry, including with digital agencies, broadcasters and publishers. In return Stream On Demand offers fantastic developmental possibilities due to its size, facilities, forward thinking management and staff working together to offer the best learning experiences for our clients. If you feel you have the skills and attributes to succeed as part of our team, please complete and return your application as soon as possible. Behaviours Junior Content Producers will be expected to demonstrate: A passion for creating content for creative and digital media An ability to work effectively both individually and collaboratively as part of a team The ability to build and maintain positive relationships with customers The initiative to report to the appropriate senior if an issue arises, be this the Senior e-Learning Developer, Design Manager or Managing Director A strong work ethic and commitment in order to meet the standards required Recognition and compliance with equality and diversity in the workplace Level This apprenticeship is set at level 3, the equivalent to 2 A-Levels. Qualifications Applicants must have 5 GCSE qualifications or equivalent at grade 4 (C grade) or above, as well as English Language and Maths, both at grade 6 (B grade) or above. Apprentices without English or Maths Level 2 must achieve this prior to taking the end-point assessment. Duration This apprenticeship is set to take 12 months to complete, and will work as part of a three year apprenticeship plan. Job Types: Full-time, Apprenticeship "	"Sunderland"	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"184"	184	"Kitchen Porter"	"   The Kitchen Porter  An incredible opportunity has arisen for a Kitchen Porter to join our team.  As a Kitchen Porter at one of our restaurants, you will need ambition and speed. You will be working to support our teams in state of the art kitchens under the guidance of the Head Chef and Sous Chef. Our restaurants are busy, and you will need stamina and skill to ensure our kitchen teams have everything they need at all times. You are the key to our kitchens producing the high-quality food that our guests have come to expect. Here's what we can offer: Competitive Salary Excellent career progression for those wishing to take their career to the next level as CDP Company Pension Scheme 50% off all food for you and your guests when dining in any of our restaurants Employee assistance program providing guidance and advice on financial, health and legal issues Tax-Free child care vouchers. At The New World Trading Company, we continue to break the mould of the modern pub. So not only do we encourage individuality, we value it, and believe our business thrives on it - from the spaces we create for customers, to the careers we build for our people.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£8.21 - £8.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"185"	185	"Sales Advisor"	" Our Company JulesB are an award winning fashion brand with stores across the North East and North West of England. We specialise in stylish and niche fashion. We pride ourselves on upholding our vision, which is to bring a fantastic range of niche and contemporary brands to a new type of customer, who is attracted not by traditional fashion-forward brands but by a very specific style of soft, expertly crafted and innovatively designed product across many categories including womens-wear menswear, footwear and accessories. Role Requirements; We are looking for a ladies-wear sales assistant who has a strong retail background and in depth experience within a quality retail environment. You must have a wealth of knowledge gained throughout your background, possess a naturally confident approach whilst discussing the requirements of our customers, you will be approachable with excellent people skills. We offer high level of customer service at JulesB, so we are looking for someone who shares these qualities. We are looking for someone with; Excellent sales and effective communication skills Natural flair with fashion and styling. A strong background within a similar environment Confidence in generating new customers and growing our existing customer portfolio Healthy dose of common sense and initiative Confident and trustworthy Exceptional work ethic and always happy to help Please email a current CV or pop into our store. We do request a covering letter to support your application. Job Type: Part-time Experience: Sales: 2 years (Required)"	"Jesmond"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6057608	54.9914956
"186"	186	"Apprentices (Financial Management)"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week (NMW in second year)    Allowances:  n/a    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186975    Employment Location:  County Hall, Durham    Post Number:  RES/19/34    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information Financial Services is responsible for providing a customer focussed strategic advice and support service to all service groupings. We support the co-ordination of service grouping input to medium term financial planning, budgeting and budgetary control processes, both revenue and capital. The service supports the delivery of medium term financial planning initiatives, restructuring and a range of project work programmes, including statements of accounts. The successful candidates will develop skills to provide effective and efficient support to the team to help the service operate effectively and efficiently. Candidates should either have or expect to achieve 4 GCSE’s at Grades A-C/9-4 including Maths and English Language or Level 2 in literacy and numeracy (or equivalent). For further information regarding this vacancy, please contact Peter Dowkes on 03000 263492 or email peter.dowkes@durham.gov.uk. It is anticipated that Interviews will be held week commencing 17th June 2019. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 03000 267247 or email hrresources@durham.gov.uk. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"187"	187	"Temporary Sales Assistant"	" Temporary Sales Assistants Newcastle Various hours/shifts Monday - Friday Are you looking for a job this summer? Are you available now? Do you have an interest in Hair and Beauty or looking to add experience onto your CV? If so, Capital Hair & Beauty has an opportunity for you! We are currently recruiting for some enthusiastic sales assistants for our Newcastle store and this is a great opportunity for students or if you are of any age looking for extra work during the holidays! You’ll play a vital role working with our store team as the face of Capital Hair & Beauty to help us deliver our Company vision ‘every customer will recommend us’. What are we looking for? Customer service experience. Excellent people skills. Interest in & enthusiasm for hair & beauty products. A team player. In return we offer a friendly & professional place to work, staff discount on a fantastic range of quality hair, nail & beauty products and the chance to be a valuable member of the Capital team. We thank you for your interest in working for Capital and for taking the time to apply today. Due to the high interest our roles receive, we are unable to respond to everyone individually and therefore only short listed candidates will be contacted. Capital processes Job Applicant’s data within the principles of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) For the recruitment of this role the Company is not basing decisions on automated decision making. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.24 /hour Experience: customer service: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Blaydon-On-Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£8.24 an hour"	-1.7210501	54.9637822
"188"	188	"Count Assistant"	" We are currently seeking a professional individual for the opportunity to become a Count Assistant at our Aspers Newcastle site. Count Assistants are responsible for ensuring that daily count is conducted in an efficient and timely manner and working closely with the rest of Cash Desk team. Selection Criteria Effective communicators Count experience (desirable). Clear, concise and positive communication skills Basic maths Count Assistant role is 16 hrs a week 5/7 days; (9:30 - 12:45 shift) If you are interested in applying for this position and possess the necessary skills and attitude, please forward your updated curriculum vitae, together with a letter of application via e-mail. Job Type: Part-time Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"189"	189	"Sales Assistant"	"   Location: Bishops Aukland, County Durham  As a Sales Assistant, you will work within a small team to deliver outstanding customer service, being friendly and helpful to all Customers….whilst keeping the shelves stocked with our amazing products! You’ll have a passion for Books, Stationery, Arts & Crafts, and be able to share your enthusiasm for the products with our Customers.  Our ideal candidate is:   Dedicated  Flexible  Creative  Enthusiastic  Passionate  Basic understanding of customer services and how to deal with customers.  A background in retail is preferred (but not essential)   Benefits:   Excellent on the job training  25% discount on our products  Career progression  28 days holiday (inclusive of bank holidays)   About The Works  The Works is one of the UK’s leading multi-channel specialist retailers of value gifts, arts, crafts, toys, books and stationery. Our mission is to offer customers a unique and enjoyable shopping experience, built on our core principles of value, variety and quality.  Our commitment to excellence, extends to all parts of our business, whether in the service we provide, the talent we nurture and the causes we support. We are proud to have a highly engaged workforce of over 3,000 employees who are passionate about the customers they serve.  To ensure that all communication emails come through to you, please add no-reply@theworkscareers.co.ukand careers@theworks.co.uk to your Safe Sender List.  "	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"190"	190	"Mechanical Draughtsperson"	" Position Summary:  AAF International is a global leader in the design and manufacture of Air Filtration systems, Acoustic systems and associated products & services. Supplying to markets such as the Gas Turbine (Oil & Gas / Power Generation), Engine, Nuclear and Industrial air pollution control sectors. We are currently recruiting for a Mechanical Draughtsperson within our Power & Industrial (P&I) Division in Cramlington, Northumberland. Reporting to the Technical Team Leader the post holder will be required to perform a variety of tasks which will include producing and checking engineering drawings using the AAF 2D, 3D software systems and internal procedures. Position Responsibilities Summary:  Plan, perform, monitor and report on the day-to-day tasks assigned for the allocated project tasks. Complete allocated project tasks within agreed timescales, allocated cost and to the required technical accuracy. Coordinate draughting tasks with overseas resources, including checking and approval of completed models and drawings. Ensure that the work allocated is completed in accordance with AAF Contract Specification Requirements. Assist the Technical Team Leader in determining the required execution strategy of the project tasks. Participate in cost reduction and lead time reduction meetings and initiatives. Be involved in departmental start-up meetings and provide feedback as necessary ensuring a proactive approach. Please Note: Global travel may be a requirement of this role. Person Specification:  Education, Qualifications and Affiliations Essential Apprenticeship / Level 3 in Mechanical Engineering or other relevant technical subject.Desirable HNC in Mechanical Engineering or other relevant technical subject.Experience Essential Demonstrable experience in a similar role producing drawings in line with technical specifications. Experience of AutoCAD and Inventor software packages. Fully proficient with Microsoft Office package (Word, Excel etc). Desirable Experience in the use of software systems e.g. ANSYS. Site surveying experience. Experience in industries such as oil and gas, marine and power generation. To have worked for previous business involved in fabrication, sheet metal work and welding. Skills Essential Able to work under pressure on multiple tasks simultaneously.Desirable Able to perform hand calculations.Applications:  Please note that AAF does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AAF will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AAF explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AAF. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: Drafting: 3 years (Preferred) AutoCAD: 3 years (Preferred) Education: A-Level or equivalent (Required)Location: Cramlington, Northumberland (Preferred)"	"Cramlington"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"191"	191	"Office Administrator"	" Location: Consett – Co Durham Start Date:  ASAP Review Date:  31/12/19 Hours:  Full Time Pay Rate:  £10.87 hourly – holiday pay inclusive This administrative role would particularly benefit from candidates with some finance experience. The post-holder will be required to: Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Specialist Teams; Oversee the provision of administrative support to OPS/FF staff within designated buildings, including day to day allocation of work; Support the Team Leader, Service Support, in the delivery of all buildings management functions; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Operations Manager; Ensure that business needs are prioritised and managed effectively; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate; Carry out other duties commensurate with the grade of the post. Administrative Duties:  Supporting the OPS/FF staff in the locality in the provision of general clerical and administrative support; Assist with general typing duties – reports, letters, genograms, chronologies etc; Assist with reception duties (receiving visitors, taking calls & messages, dealing with queries); To take a lead and oversee cover arrangements within designated buildings Managing incoming communications (email, post, telephone calls) and highlighting/prioritising key points to follow up; To create electronic documents, reports, letters etc from copy and dictation; To highlight issues of an urgent nature to relevant senior members of the team; Set up and maintain electronic and manual filing systems; Organise travel, accommodation and hospitality requirements; Establish and maintain a daily bring forward system;  Process payment of invoices and tracking of financial transactions using Oracle; Recording and administering petty cash and general financial records; Administrative Support for Meetings/Team Activity:  To take a lead on the administration and coordination of arranging meetings, including the production of papers, schedules and venue bookings; To take a lead on attending meetings and taking minutes as required; Lead on administration of area activities and events, including the setting up of rooms Undertake progress/chasing tasks arising from meetings; The preparation, production and presentation of documents and minutes from own notes and from a variety of sources of information; To manage the electronic diary on behalf of the Operations Manager; Management Information & IT Systems:  Assist the Team Leader with the development and maintenance of accurate electronic filing systems, including SharePoint, in line with Information Governance requirements; Retrieval and transfer of records including DIP/SSID/Connect as required by the team; To produce and update spreadsheets and presentations, using Microsoft packages, including Excel and PowerPoint. To collate and record performance data on behalf of the service management and process statistical returns as required; Data inputting and retrieval on the various systems used by the service; Communication:  Provide a professional and courteous “first point of contact” for all services and service users contacting the team, including receptionist duties; Ensure all calls are handled efficiently and effectively; To oversee the receipt and forwarding of secure electronic correspondence to the appropriate personnel; To provide a backup service for the sorting, distribution and dispatching of incoming and outgoing mail including the accurate logging and posting of secure postal items; Buildings Management:  Support the Team Leader, Service Support in all building management tasks and take the lead for designated buildings, to include: Oversee effective site management of the designated building(s) for the Service Oversee repairs and maintenance issues for the designated building(s) and ensure these are reported and carried out appropriately Ensure appropriate security arrangements, intruder and fire alarm systems of the designated Building (s) are in place and regularly monitored Ensure that the appropriate documentation is completed and general health and safety requirements are met Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.36 to £10.87 /hour Experience: customer service: 1 year (Preferred) Finance: 1 year (Preferred) administrative assistant: 2 years (Required) Location: Consett, Durham (Preferred)"	"Consett"	"Temporary"	"£9.36 - £10.87 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"192"	192	"Administrative Officer"	" We are currently looking for an experienced administrative officer to work in a local authority office in Consett.  The Role: Providing a range of admin support to various specialist members of the Families First team within the council Typing letters, memos, and confidential reports using MS Office Software Updating spreadsheets Managing a diary system Organising travel, accomodation, and hospitality requirements Organising meetings and taking minutes when needed Processing invoices and tracking of financial transactions using Oracle Handling and recording petty cash Providing first point of contact reception duties Any other general clerical duties The Person: Must have an NVQ Level 3 in Business Admin OR a BTEC National in Public Administration Must have previous experience within a similar role Must have experience of dealing with the public Must have excellent MS Word and Excel skills Must have fast accurate typing skills Must have minute taking experience Applicants may be subjected to an Enhanced DBS check upon employment "	"Consett"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"193"	193	"Van Delivery Driver"	" Durham Bed Centre is a new, friendly and fast growing chain of bed and bedroom furniture outlets all across the North East with branches in Durham, Metro Centre, Washington Galleries, Eldon Square, Sunderland and more! We require a van driver to work around the following locations (You will be supplied a van to drive) North Shields Washington NewcastleDurhamSunderland Cramlington Wallsend This job requires an immediate start. Working days are from Mon - Sat with hours negotiable. Being a Delivery Driver for Durham Bed Centre, you will play a vital role in getting the products sold by us to our customers quickly and easily, ensuring a standard of high customer service as a priority. Lifting and carrying is an important aspect within this role and to be successful, you must be prepared to be able to do this. When not delivering beds you will be required to shift stock from branch to branch and also help to build furniture experience doing this would be beneficial. Personal qualities, behaviors and previous experience needed to be our Delivery Driver: - Previous experience driving for a living is essential. - Full UK driving licence held for at least 2 years is essential. - Able to learn at a relatively quick pace. - The ability to work to a schedule. - Trustworthy and honest. - A team player who is also comfortable working alone. - A passion for providing first class customer service with a smile. - Experience of building rapport with customers using excellent communication skills and banter. - You must have an outgoing, approachable personality, are motivated, hard-working, driven and results orientated. Salary is dependent on experience and negotiable What we can offer the Delivery Driver in return - You will be provided with all the equipment needed to perform your tasks - Support from other experienced delivery staff allowing you to perform with a customer focused attitude and passion - The ability to work flexibly - Joining a friendly easy to get on with team We believe our employees are imperative to our success therefore as an employee of Durham Bed Centre you will quickly become a valued member of the team If you think you’ve got what it takes to join us at the North East's new and fast growing bed retailer, then apply today. We can't wait to hear from you. Self-Employment options available Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Experience: driving: 5 years (Preferred)Licence: driving license (Preferred)"	"Belmont"	NA	NA	5.65290826978598	45.87791155
"194"	194	"3575 Customer Services Apprentice - 2 posts"	"As a Customer Service Apprentice, you will develop skills, knowledge and experience in all aspects of customer care, including administration tasks and support. This will be via on the job training and formal training sessions to gain knowledge and understanding to provide an efficient and effective customer support service. The Housing, Property & Construction Service Contact Centre deals with a diverse range of customer queries in respect of both the maintenance and repairs to their home. Customers can contact the service via telephone contact, email of via third parties such as the out of hours service.  You will work as part of an operational team assisting in the direct service delivery – a huge part of the role will involve working on the telephone directly with customers to assist and work towards resolving their query or issue.  The apprenticeship will be both office based in the Contact Centre based at Harvey Combe, Killingworth and operational when working alongside our Customer Liaison Team based across sites in North Tyneside. You will focus on providing an administrative support service to include: data entry into the housing services bespoke Accuserv system, answering the phone, dealing with telephone calls both inward and outward bound and general admin duties, such as post, scanning, filing, maintaining records, organising meetings, maintaining systems and diaries and photocopying. When placed with the customer liaison team you will work within the local community advising, supporting and guiding our customers through ongoing works both in their homes and in their residential environment.  You will be part of large specialist teams supporting the housing services clients, including sub-contractors and suppliers in addition to the residents of North Tyneside.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"195"	195	"Apprentice Electrician"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Fixed Term    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £198.25 (50%) to £288.36 (80%) - dependant upon age at appointment.    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186875    Employment Location:  Your normal place of work is Meadowfield Depot. However, you may be required to work at any council workplace within County Durham.    Post Number:  REAL19-157    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information To learn and be given training in the required skills, competencies and responsibilities over the term of the apprenticeship (4 years) to then be able to undertake the full range of duties listed below and to assist in the provision of an Electrical Service provided on behalf of Building and Facilities Maintenance. To study and achieve the Installation Electrician/Maintenance Electrician Level 3 during the duration of the apprenticeship To develop an up to date knowledge to assist in supporting and advising the Electrical Managers and other staff regarding electrical installation and maintenance. To develop an understanding of the service to comply with the Key Performance Indicators set for the Electrical Service. To assist in the promotion and development of working practices and procedures to improve the Health and Safety culture within the Building & Facilities Maintenance Service. Required Qualifications: Either have or expect to achieve 4 GCSE’s including Maths and English Language grades A-C/9-4 or Level 2 in literacy and numeracy (or equivalent) The successful applicant for this post will be required to apply for Disclosure and Barring Service Enhanced Disclosure . As a disability confident employer, we are committed to employing disabled people and people with health conditions making reasonable adjustments to support disabled applicants when required. For an informal discussion about the post, please contact Steve Parrish on tel. no. 03000 267920 or email steve.parrish@durham.gov.uk Apply on-line via the jobs portal or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on telephone no. 03000 268153 / 264223 or email hrreal@durham.gov.uk Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. In line with the County Council’s Recruitment & Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. "	"Durham"	"Contract, Apprenticeship"	"£198 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"196"	196	"Events Coordinator"	"    Events Coordinator 22.5hpw12 months fixed termPay Scale 4 £19,414 to £21,597 (pro rata) REF: EC0519  This is an exciting opportunity to for an enthusiastic individual with experience to manage, deliver and develop a comprehensive programme of hospice led fundraising events. We are looking for someone with great interpersonal and planning skills and someone with a strong team working ethic who has the ability to actively promote and encourage participation onto our hospice led events fundraising programme.  About us: St Cuthbert’s Hospice provides holistic care for patients with life limiting illnesses. We are highly regarded for our quality of service and the first Adult Hospice in the country to be graded “outstanding” by the Care Quality Commission. Our 11 bedded palliative care In Patient Unit provides individualised care planned to support the total wellbeing of each person, taking into account their physical, psychological, social and spiritual needs. Our Living Well Centre delivers a 12 week programme offering advice and strategies to enable people with life limiting illnesses cope better with their health and wellbeing and support them to regain control of their life. We value the contribution of all our workforce comprising of over 90 staff and 395 volunteers. We are an equal opportunities employer and believe in treating everyone with dignity and respect, encouraging applications from all sectors of the community.Our Values: Compassionate, Respect, Integrity, Professionalism, Choice, Reputation. These define who we are and guide what we do to ensure the highest quality care for those accessing our services and the highest quality experience for staff working here. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of adults at risk and children.  Why work for us: We are committed to making St Cuthbert’s Hospice a great place to work supporting the provision of excellent services for the people of Durham. This has been demonstrated through winning a National HR Management Award (Charity Times), the 2016 Improving Impact Category for Governance, a local Employer of the Year award and Better Health at Work Gold standard in 2018.  100% of our volunteers who participated in our 2017 survey would recommend the Hospice as a care provider and 99% feel appreciated and valued. In our staff survey of 2018, 100% of respondents would recommend us as a care provider and more staff than ever feel their role makes a difference and are able to deliver the patient care/customer service they aspire to.  We want you to love coming to work, 92% of respondents told us they do and 98% told us the training, learning and development has helped them deliver a better patient/customer service. If you are ready for an exciting opportunity that will not only impact on patient care but will be motivating and rewarding on a personal level this could be the post for you.  For an informal discussion about this post please contact:Jade McArdle, Senior Community & Events Fundraiser on 0191 3861170  Closing date for applications: Friday 31st May 2019 Interviews: Tuesday 11th June 2019  If you have not heard from us by Friday 7th June 2019 please assume you have not been shortlisted. Please note: we do not accept CVs This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.    Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"197"	197	"Reservations Agent"	" Reservation Agent Job description As a reservations agent you will be expected to take a high demand of accommodation requests daily, by email, telephone, fax and from customers in the hotel. A Reservation agent must ensure accuracy and efficiency in all room reservations and process all details accordingly and in line with procedures to the highest standard and to ensure the room revenue is maximised at all times. Person Description Be focused Be organised and disciplined, dedicated and loyal Be friendly, pleasant. Operationally focused Possess strong problem solving/reasoning skills Confident with the use of computers Job Description Dealing with a high amount of enquiries for the Hotel and Apartments, the Reservations Agent must ensure all requests are responded to and inputted in good time. Sending out confirmations and cancellation requests to guests. Inputting reservations accurately onto our booking system, Reslynx. Checking hotel rates to ensure the competitive but profitable rates are given. Ensure all rates are loaded correctly within the system. To ensure all team members are aware of packages/offers. Creating in house and occupancy reports. Preparing forecasts for the relevant departments. Inputting group reservations/wedding room/coach party allocations Being aware of corporate and client rates. Responsible for work schedule, and maintaining a neat and orderly position at all time. Ensuring maximum occupancy and revenue at all times. To train relevant staff on reservations, inputting room rates. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,500.00 /year Experience: Reservations: 1 year (Required) Hospitality: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£18,500 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"198"	198	"Sales Negotiator"	" We are looking for a part-time Sales Negotiatior to work Thursday, Friday & Saturday. Also Holiday cover when required. The candidate must have some sales/customer service experience. IMMEDIATE START.. Job Type: Part-time Experience: Sales/customer service: 1 year (Required)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Whickham"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6798674	54.9436482
"199"	199	"Branch Customer Adviser - Hexham (Part Time)"	"   The Society’s branch network represents the face of Newcastle Building Society on the high street in our Heartland the North East of England. The main purpose of the branches is the provision of savings and mortgage accounts underpinned by solid Financial Advice for those who live in and around our branch locations, that are spread right across the North East of England, Cumbria and the Scottish borders. We deliver these services whilst providing excellent customer service. A priority for the branch network is maintaining great relationships with both existing and potential customers through maintaining regular customer engagement and being there to help them understand and address their ever changing financial needs. Role Summary This is a part-time position, 21 hours per week, Monday to Wednesday, 9am - 5pm (plus Saturday 8:45am-12:00pm, to be worked as overtime on a rota basis). You will consistently adopt a proactive and positive approach with our customers, in order to achieve the required business result. You will also understand how best to help customers by applying the branch understanding needs process, suggesting options customers may consider and identifying leads for the relevant advice specialists. You will be responsible for till operation, cash management, branch administration, servicing, balancing and cash replenishment. You will efficiently complete all administration in relation to customer enquiries, leads and sales, utilising the Societies customer management systems. Skills and Experience  As a Customer Adviser, you will be working as part of an already successful team that provides 1st class, market leading customer service. You will possess great communication skills that will result in high levels of customer satisfaction and customer advocacy for use of our products and services. A proven ability to work as part of a team and deliver the high standards we require is essential.   "	"Hexham"	"Part-time"	"£10,509 - £11,334 a year"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"200"	200	"Customer Advisor - Hardware"	"   Customer Advisor - Hardware - Consett  £8.35 per hour + benefits including 20% staff discount*, pension   Permanent contract of 20 hours a week, rotational shift pattern  B&Q Consett  A good home for everyone. It’s what we believe in, and it’s what our stores make possible. Every day, we give our millions of customers the ideas, advice, tools and confidence they need to create the home they want. Join us as a Customer Advisor, and you’ll be a big part of this.  Join our team, and you’ll do so much more than stack shelves. You’ll become an expert. A trusted advisor. An inspiration as well as a guide. The person who gets to know all kinds of customers and understand their home improvement projects, before opening their eyes to what’s really possible. Sales will be important, of course, as will things like managing stock, setting up displays, and making sure your store looks great. But truly great customer service will be your main aim.  Happy to help, eager to learn and just a little bit obsessed with home improvement, you’ll feel right at home with us. You’re friendly and outgoing, and you get a buzz from helping others. You’re great at working in a team too, and flexible enough to work on a rota that includes weekends, evenings and bank holidays.  A good home for everyone isn’t just our purpose – it’s also what we are. As part of a great team, you’ll be supported to grow and encouraged to explore new opportunities within the business. And, because you’ll be inspiring great things for our customers, you’ll do work really worth caring about.   We want to ensure that all employees, future employees and applicants to all Kingfisher companies are treated equally regardless of age, gender, marital or civil partnership status, colour, ethnic or national origin, culture, religious belief, philosophical belief, political opinion, disability, gender identity, gender reassignment or sexual orientation.  subject to eligibility   If you require any additional support or adjustments to help you make an application, please contact us at recruitment@b-and-q.co.uk   "	"Consett "	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.35 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"201"	201	"Room Attendant"	"  Job Ref: CG2654   Branch: DoubleTree by Hilton Newcastle Airport   Location: DoubleTree by Hilton Newcastle Airport, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: National minimum wage. Casual contract   Contract type: Casual   Hours: Full Time   Shift pattern: 07:00-14:00 occasionaly 14:00-22:00   Hours per week: 0-37   Posted date: 17/05/2019   Closing date: 19/06/2019  At Cairn Group we’re ambitious. With a varied and extensive UK portfolio of hotels, bars and restaurants in our portfolio, we’re focused on continual growth and are in it for the long haul. We are a family owned business with family values at our core, with a growing team and sites UK wide.  About the role…  Working within the housekeeping department and reporting to the Housekeeping manager. As a room attendant you will be responsible for ensuring there is a high level of cleanliness and rooms are maintained to the highest standard. You will be allocated rooms each shift and duties will include: changing bed linen, dusting, vacuuming, cleaning bathrooms, re-stocking tea and coffee trays, toiletries in the bathrooms, polishing mirrors and glassware.  About you…  The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic and professional, flexible, passionate & display a professional and courteous attitude to our guests.You will also be of smart professional appearance, have experience in customer care and will make guest satisfaction a priority. You will be punctual and flexible in order to meet the needs of the business and be an effective team player with an eye for detail.  Located at Newcastle International Airport, we have 179 upscale guest rooms ideal for any traveler, including deluxe rooms with runway views of Newcastle Airport. All guest rooms feature complimentary WiFi and 37-inch LCD TVs, while some include adjoining rooms to accommodate families. Our fitness room, features a wide range of modern equipment and Fratello’s Restaurant features Italian inspired dishes made from locally sourced ingredients. Watch live sports at Columbus Bar and enjoy a sandwich or traditional main course from the bar menu, along with a range of delicious cocktails to excite any taste.  Benefits Hilton Staff Rate & Friends and Family Scheme Discounted Meals on Shift Free Parking Cairn Group Staff Discount Scheme Retail and travel discounts Recruit a friend Scheme Induction and training programme Star of the Month & Golden Ticket Award Pension scheme Cairn Academy' Training & Development Opportunities Uniform Cycle 2 work scheme* (* Applies to positions above minimum wage) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"202"	202	"Room Attendant/Housekeeping"	" Jesmond Dene House is an award-winning 4 Red Star hotel and 2 Rosette restaurant situated 5 minutes from Newcastle City Centre. This historic property contains 40 bedrooms, a restaurant, and extensive banqueting and private dining facilities. We are looking for a Room Attendat to deliver the highest levels of cleanliness and customer service, to protect and enhance the hotel’s reputation as one of the best in the North of England. This role involves cleaning and refreshing the guest rooms, as well as assisting guests with special requests. It involves weekend work and hours will be dependent on business levels. Competitive rates of pay and excellent benefits including service charge, uniform, staff discount and pension. Job Type: Part-time Language: English (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"203"	203	"Sales Consultant – Temporary"	" About the RoleTo be a successful Sales Team Member you will: Offer fast and friendly service at all times, helping our customers to find the perfect products Share your passion and knowledge about our amazing products Work in all areas of the store, including sales floors, stockrooms and processing deliveries Take control of your own development About You A great communicator who’s always looking for ways you can help Friendly, calm and efficient – even on your busiest days Excited about the challenge of a varied and fast-paced job Flexible, supportive and always ready to go the extra mile Check out the amazing benefits listed below - all subject to contract. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"204"	204	"Showroom Advisor - Consett"	"   Showroom Advisor - Consett  £8.85^ per hour + benefits including 20% staff discount*, pension   Permanent contracts of 30 hours a week, working 5/7 - rotational shift pattern   B&Q Consett  A good home for everyone. It’s what we believe in, and it’s what our stores make possible. Every day, we give our millions of customers the ideas, advice, tools and confidence they need to create the home they want. Joining us as a Showroom Advisor, you’ll help some of their boldest ideas take shape.    A new kitchen or bathroom can transform a home but, for many customers, it can be a daunting project. You’ll make it an enjoyable experience from the moment they walk into your showroom. Combining the roles of advisor and designer, you’ll understand their needs, explore options, find the perfect solution, and then (using software we’ll train you in) bring the whole thing together. You’ll also play an important part in the day-to-day operation of the showroom.  Proactive, organised, and the kind of person who gets a kick out of working at pace when things get busy, you’ll feel right at home with us. You’re big on sales, and even bigger on customer service. You can build relationships quickly, and know how to get to the heart of what your customers want. You’re a great team player too, and flexible enough to work on a rota that includes weekends, evenings and bank holidays.  A good home for everyone isn’t just our purpose – it’s also what we are. As part of a great team, you’ll be supported to grow and encouraged to explore new opportunities within the business. And, because you’ll be inspiring great things for our customers, you’ll do work really worth caring about.   We want to ensure that all employees, future employees and applicants to all Kingfisher companies are treated equally regardless of age, gender, marital or civil partnership status, colour, ethnic or national origin, culture, religious belief, philosophical belief, political opinion, disability, gender identity, gender reassignment or sexual orientation.   subject to eligibility  If you require any additional support or adjustments to help you make an application, please contact us at recruitment@b-and-q.co.uk     "	"Consett "	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.85 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"205"	205	"Front of House Staff"	" We have an amazing opportunity to become part of our fast paced and energetic front of house waiting team. Part time positions are available with immediate starts. Full on job training is given as part of the induction process Job Type: Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"206"	206	"Sales Adviser (Multi-skilled) - House of Fraser - Metro Centre"	"    Sales Adviser (Multi-skilled) - House of Fraser - Metro Centre Up to Â£8.25 per hour Closing Date for this application is 27/06/2019 If this position receives high volumes of applications we reserve the right to close this advert earlier than stated, so please apply early to avoid disappointment.  House of Fraser is a department store group with locations across the UK and Ireland and is one of the best known names on the high street. With a heritage than spans over 170 years and a portfolio of over 500 global brands, we are now entering into an exciting new future.  As a result we are now looking for a dynamic, commercially driven and service focused team.  If you want to be part of this and can deliver fantastic customer service in a fast paced store environment, apply today!  What we are looking for………  Positive & enthusiastic attitudeCommitment to service excellenceExceptional selling skillsPassion for product, brands and trendsFlexibility & adaptabilityTeam player mentality  What we will give you……  Part-time hours with flexibility to suitUp to 20% staff discount off the majority of our fabulous brandsOpportunities to develop your career to work up to a full time position  This role guarantees 4 hours of work per week. Hours of work will vary from week to week and, as a result, there may be weeks when only 4 hours are offered.  APPLY NOW  Follow Us  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.25 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"207"	207	"Valeter"	"  We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated Valeter to join our Shiremoor Ford branch. Hours Full time, Monday-Thursday 8am-5:30pm, Friday 8am-4:30pm. About the role As an Arnold Clark Valeter, you’ll be responsible for ensuring all our vehicles are presented in sparkling condition. This position will be a perfect fit for someone who enjoys working in an active, physical role, has meticulous attention to detail and is a fantastic team player. Day-to-day duties Cleaning sold and stock vehicles to a high standard. Cleaning vehicles externally with a high-powered pressure washer. Using a high-powered vacuum to clean and shampoo vehicle interiors. Working with a polishing/buffing machine to enhance bodywork. Complying with health and safety procedures while working with chemicals. Making sure that all equipment and machinery is properly maintained and secure at all times, reporting any defects and complying with manufacturers’ instructions and PPE recommendations. Working to set timeframes and targets. Completing a daily record of work completed. Other duties to support the branch as required. Essential skills A full driving licence. High level of attention to detail. Self-motivation with the ability to work as part of a team. The ability to multi-task Willingness to participate in training programmes. Valet experience is preferred, but training can be provided for a candidate who demonstrates a high level of enthusiasm and the other required criteria. Arnold Clark also operates a Valet Academy which all new valet staff will attend. In return, you will benefit from one of the best employee packages in the industry, including extensive training, private healthcare and life assurance. Employment within the Arnold Clark Group is offered subject to satisfactory reference and disclosure check.    Benefits Every Arnold Clark employee is entitled to a wide range of benefits, including: Discount on new and used vehicles Contributory pension scheme Private medical insurance Life assurance  "	"Shiremoor"	NA	NA	-1.5069803	55.0355283
"208"	208	"Specialist (Admin, Wise Steps)"	"   Wise Steps is co-funded project by the National Lottery Community Fund and the European Social Fund delivered under the Building Better Opportunities programme to support people facing multiple barriers to work and employability across Newcastle, Sunderland, Gateshead, North Tyneside and South Tyneside.  The programme will assist almost 4,000 unemployed or economically inactive people to access bespoke one to one support delivered by a diverse partnership to help move them forward towards employability in terms of sociability, confidence, skills and abilities – helping them to deal with their own personal challenges and support their journey towards and into work, education and training. Target groups include long term unemployed; age 50+; people with disabilities; black, minority ethnic and refugees (BMER); ex-offenders and lone parents.  The Wise Group delivers the project with a diverse partnership of 30+ locally-based organisations including specialists with expertise in assisting people in communities in the region.  To support our project we have an exciting opportunity for a Specialist (Admin, Wise Steps) to join our team.  Responsible for providing general administrative support to the delivery of programme services; you will ensure that all administrative contract related processes and project funding obligations are met efficiently and effectively.  Our ideal candidate will have excellent organisational, interpersonal and communication skills. Strong administrative skills and experience is fundamental to this role, along with the ability to cope well under pressure and adhere to tight deadlines. You should have the ability to work independently and as a team member. IT skills, particularly Microsoft Office packages, are essential.  Please see the Role Profile for full details.  Position: Specialist (Admin, Wise Steps)  Reference: SA/WSNE/25  Location: Newcastle  Hours: 35 hours per week  Status: Fixed Term until 31 March 2022  Salary: £17k + excellent benefits  WORKING WITH THE WISE GROUP  We believe that to achieve our vision, all Wise Group colleagues must demonstrate on a daily basis, the behaviours which underpin our core values. We therefore invest and take time to recruit the right colleagues, knowing that this impacts on our culture which in turn delivers excellent results and outcomes for our valued customers.  The Wise Group provides an inclusive and supportive working environment and an excellent benefits package, which includes the following: 33 days’ annual leave (including Public Holidays) plus one additional day for every completed year of employment up to a maximum of an additional five days Generous Salary Exchange Pension Scheme Employee Assistance Programme Life Assurance Cycle Scheme We are a family friendly employer and we actively try to ensure a positive work life balance and we welcome applications from employees requiring flexibility. HOW TO APPLY  The closing date for applications is midnight on 30 May 2019.  To apply please complete the online application form available here.  Scottish Charity No: SC004089  Family Friendly Working Scotland – We promote a flexible and family friendly working culture.   Armed Forces Covenant – We are an armed forces-friendly organisation. We seek to support the employment of veterans and current or previous members of the reserve forces.   Disability Confident – The Disability Confident scheme supports us to make the most of the talents that disabled people can bring to our workplace.If you have a disability which prevents you from applying online please call 0141 303 3131.   The Wise Group is committed to equal opportunities and is a proud member of the Disability Confident scheme. As users of the scheme we guarantee to interview all disabled candidates who meet the minimum criteria for the vacancy.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£17,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"209"	209	"Case Handler"	"   UK Independent Medical are looking to employ a full time permanent Case Handler for our team based on Rainton Bridge Business Park.  We are an IIP Gold employer who puts our employees FIRST. We are a fast paced and innovative company which focuses on service delivery whilst ensuring that we create a fun environment to work in.  If you feel that you can contribute to a company with a proven track record of providing customer focused solutions which aims to help our customers grow through the provision of an outstanding range of fast and efficient services, then come and join us.  The person we are looking for:  We are looking for Case Handler to join us. We want someone who has excellent attention to detail and administrative skills, is enthusiastic and has a fantastic work ethic, who can make a positive impact in the current team. We pride ourselves on delivering a high quality service and want team players who are ready to perform. Successful candidates will manage and progress all personal injury cases in accordance with service levels in order to drive a service which exceeds the expectations of our clients and supports the delivery of business objectives.  Key Requisites:  You do not need any previous experience in a case handler position, you may have worked for the NHS or in a similar industry in personal injury. Or perhaps you simply have a meticulous attention to detail and have great computer skills, with a great can do attitude. Excellent communication skills – verbal and written A good telephone manner Administration experience Exceptional attention to detail skills Customer service experience Experience of using various IT systems What we have to offer you: Competitive salaries Bonuses Holidays increasing with service Free colleague parties Big discounts with many retailers Dress down Friday’s Free parking Long service awards Recognition schemes Immediate interview and start available   "	"Durham"	NA	"£17,142 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"210"	210	"Procurement Support Officer"	"    2 year fixed term Apprentice Procurement Support Officer x 2   An exciting opportunity has arisen within the Healthcare Procurement Team for 2 x Apprentice Procurement Support Officer posts based at either our Newburn office in Newcastle upon Tyne or Thornaby office in Teesside.   In general the work of procurement and supply professionals includes the process of procurement, or buying goods and services; however, these roles can be much broader than just procurement. These roles can extend to a huge range of related commercial activity such as influencing policy, financial analysis, engaging in contract law, and developing strategy to deliver services. These new development posts are specific to the procurement of healthcare services and supporting commissioners to achieve successful outcomes.   As these are development posts, we are not expecting candidates to meet all the essential criteria of the job description but will work towards the Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply (CIPS) Level 4 qualification through on the job training within the Healthcare Procurement Team and one day a week at the nominated training provided.   No previous experience is necessary as full training will be provided, however the successful candidates should be able to demonstrate a good understanding of the role. These posts require individuals who are enthusiastic, well-motivated, possess excellent communication and organisational skills as well as a keen eye for detail.   These posts are fixed term for 2 years with an opportunity to apply for a permanent post with ongoing continuous development providing successful achievement of CIPS qualification (Level 4) at the end of the 2 year period.    To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"211"	211	"Key Holder (12hours)"	" About Select Fashion:  Select Fashion is a high-street women’s-wear retailer aimed at 18-45 year olds. With up to 4,000 products and new lines added each week, Select offers quality products inspired by the latest fashion trends at an affordable price. Select is focused on delivering high retail standards in store and excellent customer service. We are looking for a motivated, enthusiastic individual with a ‘can do’ attitude. We need you to be a ambassador, to keep up the the company’s standards while delivery the best customer service. Job Responsibilities:  - Support management in the daily running of the store by delivering excellent customer service & ensuring daily duties are performed by the team. - Maintain exceptional store appearance & merchandising standards that comply with the Select vision. - Ensure KPI targets are met - Opening and Closing of the store with cash handling duties - Commercial understanding of visual merchandising standards - Passion for customer service - Be able to lead a team - Great communication skills with customers and colleagues - Run store in absence of supervisor or manager - Flexibility - must be able to work extra hours when necessary - Daily and weekly paperwork - Protect store profits against theft and poor handling of deliveries - Ensure all company policies and procedures are adhered to at all times Previous experience in a similar role preferred. Candidates must be flexible as shifts range from 9-6 Monday to Saturday. (18+) Job Type: Part-time Salary: £6.20 to £8.26 /hour "	"Consett"	"Part-time"	"£6.20 - £8.26 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"212"	212	"Administrative Officer"	"  Duration: December 2019Skills:  We are looking to recruit an experienced, hard-working Administrative Officer to work with our client based in Durham on a full-time, temporary basis until December 2019.  This position offers full-time, Monday – Friday hours with the pay rate of £9.36 per hour.  The purpose of the role is to provide effective administrative and clerical support to the Operations Manager/s within the department.  Duties/Responsibilities; Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Specialist Teams; Oversee the provision of administrative support to OPS/FF staff within designated buildings, including day to day allocation of work; Support the Team Leader, Service Support, in the delivery of all buildings management functions; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Operations Manager; Ensure that business needs are prioritised and managed effectively; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate; Carry out other duties commensurate with the grade of the post. Administrative Duties: Supporting the OPS/FF staff in the locality in the provision of general clerical and administrative support; Assist with general typing duties – reports, letters, genograms, chronologies etc; Assist with reception duties (receiving visitors, taking calls & messages, dealing with queries); To take a lead and oversee cover arrangements within designated buildings Managing incoming communications (email, post, telephone calls) and highlighting/prioritising key points to follow up; To create electronic documents, reports, letters etc from copy and dictation To highlight issues of a urgent nature to relevant senior members of the team; Set up and maintain electronic and manual filing systems; Organise travel, accommodation and hospitality requirements. Finance experience would be an advantage.  Full job description available on application.  Angel Human Resources is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.   "	"Consett"	"Temporary"	"£9.36 an hour"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"213"	213	"Lettings Negotiator"	" We have a vacancy for an experienced Lettings Negotiator base in our Morpeth office. You must have experience of a similar role as well as a full driving licence to be considered for this position. The position is being advertised as either Full Time. The full time hours are Monday to Friday 09:00 - 17:30 working alternate Saturdays 09:30 -15:30 with a day off the week the Saturday is worked. Some of the duties will involve are: Viewings, valuing and listing rental properties, liaising with tenants, landlords and other departments regarding the properties, tenancy administration, increasing business levels. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £16,000 to £19,000 per year (depending on experience) plus commission. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £16,000.00 to £19,000.00 /year Experience: Estate agency or lettings: 1 year (Required) Lettings: 2 years (Preferred) Location: Morpeth, Northumberland (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Required)"	"Morpeth"	NA	"£16,000 - £19,000 a year"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"214"	214	"Central Reservations Agent"	"    Central Reservation AgentVMS Fleet Management Ltd  Location: Sunderland  Salary: £18,000 - £20,000 per annum Job type: Full Time - Permanent Company: VMS Fleet Management Closing Date: 2nd June 2019The Company: -  VMS Fleet Management Ltd is a forward-thinking Contract Hire, Fleet and Accident Management  Company with offices through the UK. VMS provide a wide range of services to blue chip fleet  operators and Insurance Companies that includes Accident Management, Contract Hire, Repair and  Maintenance Services, Vehicle Hire, Refrigeration, Salvage and Fleet Disposal. An excellent  opportunity has arisen for an experienced Hire Administrator to join our well-established and busy  commercial vehicle repair team. Role Summary: - To handle enquiries from start to finish for high profile customers ensuring that all requirements are met, if not exceeded. Resolving problems by clarifying issues; researching and exploring answers and alternative solutions; implementing solutions and escalating unresolved problems To make contact with referred customers within time periods stipulated within referrer service level agreements. To follow rules as stipulated in referrer profile when handling claim.  Work to tight timescales and service level agreements.  To satisfy company security requirements in respect of client identification and fraud detection,  ensuring team leaders and/or managers are notified of any suspicions.  • To be able to overcome a client’s objections to help maximise our conversion levels. •Manage each case through to a satisfactory conclusion, discussing the delivery of a hire vehicle at a  convenient time and location for the customer, then pass the file to the reservations team with clear information.  Accurately work within agreed procedures to ensure all required information is taken and recorded and in certain cases authorised by the insurer. Accurately and efficiently administer all relevant paperwork and post call “wrap up”, including the in-house database to capture detail of the call. Build rapport with customers and referrers, communicating effectively to correctly identify client needs. Work within agreed service level agreements and achieve monthly targets  Be able to resolve customer issues ensuring the customer is satisfied and that the issue is resolved in  an efficient manner. Produce daily reports and paperwork.  Adhere to company data protection policy.  Contribute/assist in championing the need for continuous improvement, seeking to improve   processes and efficiencies. Work towards individual and team targets.  Any other ad hoc duties as required by the business.      Key Skills Required: -  The ideal candidate will have:  Good level of Education – GCSE level or equivalent • GCSE English & Mathematics •NVQ Level 2 or higher in Customer Service  Customer service experience  Good knowledge of IT, Use of Word, Excel,  Dealing with customer queries on the telephone Complaint handling experience  Experience of working within an office environment  Excellent communication and organisation skills  Very good attention to detail  Confident, Team player and Target Driven   Main Purpose of the Role  As a Central Reservations Agent, you will be the primary point of contact for designated customers either directly or indirectly, delivering a high quality and effective service by ensuring processes are followed resulting in the smooth delivery and collection of vehicles ensuring all client requirements are met  Personal Competencies:-  Strong verbal and written communication skills Enthusiastic with a “can do” attitude A willingness to learn and grow within a commercial environment where customer service and  client satisfaction is the primary focusSmart and professional in appearance Ability to work as part of a team Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Ability to switch from one task to another with ease and agility. Self-motivated and tenacious. A positive and professional attitude. Demonstrates honesty and integrity at all times.   Knowledge and experience desirable:-  Experience of working within a call centre environment  Vehicle Hire Experience  We appreciate all applicants and thank you for your interest in our company. We endeavour torespond to all applicants within two weeks of receipt of application. However, due to high volumesof applications, if you do not hear from us within two weeks please assume your application wasunsuccessful.   "	"Sunderland"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £20,000 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"215"	215	"Customer Advisor- 11Hrs"	" Job Description At Hotter we are passionate about providing stylish high quality shoes, serious about customer service and believe customer satisfaction is of paramount importance. This is a Part Time Temporary vacancy for 11 hours per week, plus overtime as required to meet the needs of the business. We are looking for flexibility to cover these hours throughout the week including weekends. As a Customer Advisor with Hotter you will be customer focussed, sales driven, have a friendly outgoing personality and an enthusiastic approach to your role. At Hotter we are passionate about exceeding our customers’ expectations in everything we do, in this often fast paced and demanding environment. Reporting to the Store Manager your key responsibilities will be to deliver sales through measurable excellence in customer service, providing solutions that exceed customer expectations, assisting the and supporting the store team in achieving targets and company standards in all areas. Your daily duties will include: - Providing excellent customer service to maximise sales. Delivering high quality customer care dealing with after sales customer queries. Processing transactions through the till. Receiving and processing deliveries – including moving large deliveries to stock rooms, unpacking and storing shoes. Maintaining shop floor / window displays, visual merchandising standards and preparing for seasonal sales and promotions. Following and completing store routines in line with company policies, procedures and processes. Working well within the team actively supporting your colleagues. Your skills: - A friendly and helpful approach with customers and colleagues. The ability to engage with different types of people. A passion for learning about our products and sharing that knowledge with customers. The ability to recognise sales opportunities and maximise sales. Identifying opportunities to boost sales from selling additional products. The drive to complete your tasks in a timely, efficient and effective manner. The ability to multi task and handle the pressure of a busy day. Competence in using an EPOS till and other relevant systems. Proactive approach to own training and development, keeping yourself updated with new styles and promotions. Do you fit in our shoes? ….. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.09 to £8.21 /hour Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8.09 to £8.21 /hour Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.09 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"216"	216	"Project Officer, Liaison and Academic Services"	"Closing Date: 30 May 2019 This post offers an excellent opportunity to work with different Library teams to develop high quality online learning resources and materials to enhance learning and teaching of academic and research skills, including the working with archival materials and information literacy. You will translate Library staff’s ideas into high quality multimedia learning objects that can be used in a number of different learning and teaching contexts. You will manage a number of projects to achieve agreed targets and meet set educational and technical standards. The post will initially be based in Special Collections in the Phillip Robinson Library. You will have a good degree or equivalent. You will also have a sound understanding of developments in learning and teaching, including eLearning and the use of learning technologies, in higher education. Past experience of using different learning technologies and tools to support student learning would be desirable. You will have highly developed IT skills including an understanding of programming, web design and development, including knowledge of XML, CSS, HTML and JavaScript. You will also have the ability to become proficient quickly in using new software packages. Good project management skills are also essential, as are excellent communication skills- oral and written- including the ability to communicate technical issues/concepts to non-technical staff to achieve the best outcomes. This is a fixed term contract for 2 years. Informal enquiries should be made to Elizabeth Oddy (Head of Liaison and Academic Services) – you can contact Elizabeth via her assistant Laura Fisher on 0191 208 5143 or by email to laura.fisher@ncl.ac.uk. For further information regarding Newcastle University Library Service, please visit http://www.ncl.ac.uk/library. Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices. For access to a full job description, please click here."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£30,395 - £39,610 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"217"	217	"Bike Builder - 24 Hours Per Week"	"We are looking for enthusiastic and dedicated individuals to start their Evans Cycles Adventure! About the Role: For our Bike Builders; tinkering on their bike is no longer just a hobby. We want hands-on, technically minded individuals who understand the excitement of presenting our customers with their brand new bike. Be it a first road bike, kid’s bike or top of the range mountain bike. You will be bringing bikes to life, straight from the box.  You will be a representative of Evans Cycles and an ambassador for cycling. Previous experience in a professional workshop or a knowledge of bike mechanics would be great although not essential, you should have a basic working knowledge of bike building. You will be enrolled on Prologue (our in-house training program) from day one, giving you the skills and knowledge to confidently meet the needs of each individual customer. About You: You will…  Have some existing knowledge of bike building and an understanding of bike mechanics Demonstrate a readiness to learn and develop Be approachable and able to demonstrate strong communication skills that are tailored to customers with varying levels of cycling experience Be a flexible and committed team player, willing to support the store during our busy peak season Have strong problem solving skills and demonstrate an ability to use your initiative whilst working independently About Us: We’ve come a long way from the local shop in Kennington Road, London in 1921. Back then we made our own bikes, and even won awards for the quality of our service. It was (and still is) all about knowledge, passion and value. These three things are still part of our DNA – we’re still a local bike shop, but now with nationwide stores and a huge online store that operate on a global scale.  We love to reward our colleagues for the passion and enthusiasm they put into what they do.  Here are some of our benefits that you can unlock…  Straight away…  Up to 28 Days Holiday per year (including Bank Holidays) A Company Pension scheme Childcare Voucher The Yellow Jersey – our colleague of the month award Free Entry to our RIDEIT Events A Dedicated Training Program from day one Access to your very own e-learning portal Opportunities to gain industry recognised mechanic qualifications  On completion of your probationary period…  A Ride to Work Scheme (unsurprisingly) Trade Discount on all of our products Holiday Buy Back – buy up to 5 days’ additional holiday  After 6 months…  Health Shield, a cash back health plan  Click apply today to begin your Evans Cycles adventure."	"Gateshead "	NA	"£6.27 - £8.25 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"218"	218	"Accounts Assistant"	" Lear Corporation is ranked #148 on the Fortune 500 with world-class products designed, engineered and manufactured by a diverse team of talented employees. As a leading supplier of automotive seating and electrical, Lear serves its customers with global capabilities while maintaining individual commitment. With headquarters in Southfield, Michigan, Lear maintains 257 locations in 39 countries around the globe and employs approximately 165,000 employees. Lear is traded under the symbol [LEA] on the New York Stock Exchange.   OVERALL PURPOSE OF THE ROLE: To be responsible for all aspects of the Accounts Payable process for the site and will involve improving the link between the plant and the shared services function. This role will have responsibility for managing payments in accordance with expectations, balance sheet accruals/reconciliations, supplier reconciliations and GRNI management. As with all roles within the Finance department, the role will involve financial control testing to ensure SOX compliance.   MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: To minimize Aged Accounts Payable in order to prevent supplier issues. To review and validate supplier reconciliations for the top 10 suppliers. To calculate provisions for non production accruals, PO book accruals and other journals. To co-ordinate completion of the month end reporting folder To review, maintain and implement internal controls including quarterly SOX testing and narratives To be accountable for the GRNI and minimise aged balances. To complete ad hoc tasks as and when required To support other team members as and when required To complete Balance Sheet reconciliations in accordance with SOX requirement     Required SkillsExcellent IT skills especially Excel Strong communication skills Good working knowledge of IBM iSeries (AS400) and AS400Query (preferred) Automotive experience (preferred) Continuous Improvement pedigree (preferred) Internal audit/control review experience (preferred) AAT starter  Required Experience"	"Sunderland"	NA	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"219"	219	"Sales Assistant"	" About our company  In 2018 Savers were awarded 7th place in the Sunday Times best big companies to work for. We were the highest placed retailer in the list. This recognises the levels of engagement within our teams and demonstrates our commitment to our people.  Savers was acquired by AS Watson in 2000 to further our value led offer in the UK. “Our aim is to be the most competitively priced health and beauty retailer on the high street …from a clean crisp contemporary store setting with friendly, efficient and trained colleagues” We provide branded products at affordable prices. We work extensively on the range of products we offer and have extended our ranges in recent years.. We continue to strive to launch the biggest products on the high street at the lowest prices. We have over 400 stores throughout England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales and are still expanding.  Outline of role  We are looking for people to be Sales Assistant who have a positive can-do attitude, loves selling fantastic products and enjoys working as part of a team.Your role at Savers will be all about giving exceptional customer service anywhere in the store and encouraging add on sales. You will also ensure that the store is fully stocked and maintained to a high level presentation at all times. In addition, you will be involved in supporting the management team to achieve store targets.  It is a great experience working in a fast-paced and fun environment that will prepare you for even bigger challenges. Savers Sales Assistants are extremely important to us, we recognise that you could be our Supervisors of tomorrow. We will actively develop your skills and offer real career progression supported by our excellent in-house training.Interested so far?  Person specification  To come on board as a Savers Sales Assistant, do you:  Love delivering great customer service  Love active selling our great deals  Love the wide range of products that we sell  Love talking to all different types of people  Love being part of a family atmosphere  Love working hard and doing a good jobLove working in retail  You also need to be flexible in working hours as some of our shift patterns including very early mornings and late nights.  Success in this role will enable you to take your next step with us, as we have a strong desire to promote from within and reward the highest achievers.  If this sounds like you, apply now and join the ‘We Love Savers’.  About the department  Our stores are generally small with a friendly feel and you are part of the community when you work at Savers and we encourage this by getting involved with local community programmes.  Benefits  Pension & Life assurance  28 days holiday  Uniform  Discount card & access to discounts with 3,500 retailers using mysaversdeals.co.uk  Reward & recognition scheme and long service awards  Discounted gym membership  Simply health well being plan  Employee assistance programme through Retail Trust  Discount card with sister company Superdrug  Pay rate  under 18 £6.20 per hour, 18 to 20 years £6.70, 21 to 24 years £7.80, 25 years+ £8.21  Hours per week  8 hours "	"Gateshead "	"Contract, Permanent"	"£6.20 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"220"	220	"Back of House Team Member"	" Working as part of our busy back of house kitchen team you will be responsible for maintaining the kitchen to a high standard and ensure that the food we serve gets to our guests with picture perfect presentation Job Type: Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"221"	221	"3565 Libraries Apprentice Level 2/3"	"The apprentice will undertake on the job training in a Library, Community Centre or Customer First Centre environment. Initially this will start in North Shields Customer First Service Centre but the apprentice will move around other centres. The apprentice will undertake on the job training in an office based environment. Classroom based part of the apprenticeship will take place with a local training provider. As an apprentice you will: - Be trained to deliver a high quality service to customers, including meeting and greeting, reception duties, registering customers to use facilities, answering enquiries and room bookings. Positively engage with customers on a day to day basis to identify customer needs. Learn how to effectively deal with a full range of customer enquiries in a polite, helpful, positive and caring manner and signpost them to other services as needed. Proactively support customers in using ICT applications and software including taster sessions and other activities. Encourage and support customers to use self service technologies and resources. Contribute to the effective maintenance, display and selection of stock. Be trained to participate in appropriate events and activities for customers of all ages e.g. Bounce & Rhyme, Toddlers Tales and seasonal activities. Prepare room set ups, including refreshments, for events and meetings as required.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"222"	222	"Customer Assistant"	"    We're looking for friendly, enthusiastic and engaging people to make our players' days, every day. Customer Assistants do lots of different roles in clubs, so you might be serving food, bringing people change, working in the arcade area, selling bingo books, working behind the bar or on the reception desk, welcoming our customers in and signing up new members. The role is all about doing things to make our players and staff really feel like part of our community; that we’re all in it together. The little things are often the things that make a really big difference to our customers.   Things like…  remembering players' names listening to stories and chatting about their day serving them their cup of tea, made just the way they like it carrying their shopping bags or holding their umbrellas making Bingo accessible to everyone helping newbies understand how to play   It doesn't matter if you don't know how to play Bingo yet (but you gotta be up for learning). The most important thing is that you love making people feel at home. If that's you, apply today - we'd love to hear from you.   Benefits   In return for everything you bring, we offer an exciting role in a dynamic, rapidly-expanding business and a competitive rewards package. We also offer lots of opportunities for you to develop your career and learn new skills. You'll also get massively discounted food in our clubs and free Bingo every month.  Plus, get all this from day one:   A generous recognition and reward scheme  28 days annual leave including public holidays  Pension scheme  Love2Shop - an everyday benefits scheme  Apply now and we'll be in touch as soon as possible.    Why Buzz Bingo?  So, why Buzz Bingo? We're proud to be the UK's biggest Bingo club on the high street - and we're still growing. That means we need more excellent people to join us for the exciting journey ahead. We're rebranding, going online, and everyone here has a very important role to play in building Bingo’s Most Exciting Community.  We go the extra mile Joining us means joining our family. We know lots of companies say that, but we really believe it's true. Our teams in Support Centre and our clubs across the country are smart, energised, and passionate about what they do. We know each person here can make a big difference, so we'll support your professional goals, give you what you need to thrive, and help you accomplish the right results - whatever your role. We’re dedicated to building Bingo’s Most Exciting Community and making our players feel as much a part of our family as we do.   "	"South Shields"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£6.15 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"223"	223	"Apprenticeship/Advanced Apprenticeship in Joinery and Plastering, Property and Assets"	" The Gateshead Housing Company is a non-profit organisation responsible for the day-to-day management of nearly 20,000 homes.  We aim to provide excellent and efficient services to create homes and neighbourhoods that meet the aspirations of the people of Gateshead.  We employ over 800 people and involve our customers in making our services better.  Do you have or expect to get five GCSEs at Grade C or above (or equivalent qualification) including Maths and English? Then an apprenticeship with The Gateshead Housing Company could be for you.  We are currently recruiting for apprentices in Plastering and Joinery.  Key elements of the roles will include working alongside colleagues in specific trades and attending all identified training activities at work and at college.  On our plastering apprenticeship you will cover a wide range of plastering skills and techniques including preparing surfaces ready for plaster. Also included is working with plaster to create solid internal and external finishes. You will work with colleagues across Gateshead to apply the practical skills you will develop from attending college.  On our joinery apprenticeship you will be assisting colleagues across Gateshead to provide all aspects of a joinery and carpentry service. You will learn from a mix of on the job training and formal sessions at college.  No specific experience is needed, however, knowledge of the trade or specialism to be studied would be desirable.  For further information about the role please email apprenticeships@gatesheadhousing.co.uk, or call 0191 433 5379.  You should consider the job profile when applying, giving examples of how you meet the criteria.  What to do next? Read the job profile of this role. Complete our online application form and the confidential form or download printable application and confidential forms. You must complete both forms for your application to be considered. Assessments will be by application, ability tests and interview for this vacancy. Applications are to be returned no later than midnight on Sunday, 2 June 2019, to:  hr@gatesheadhousing.co.uk  or  Employee Support Services (Apprentice Recruitment) The Gateshead Housing Company Civic Centre Regent Street Gateshead NE8 1JN  The Gateshead Housing Company does not accept CVs.  If you need any further advice email the Human Resources Team or call ext 5333.  Why you will love working for us We know that we can’t achieve our vision without the right team of people.  We expect our employees to work in partnership with colleagues, and to apply their skills effectively with commitment and enthusiasm. In return we do our best to make sure they are happy in their work by listening to their ideas and making them feel welcome.  Because we work in partnership with Gateshead Council, we can offer you all the benefits of working for a large organisation as well as the intimacy of working for a small, independent team.  You will be able to take advantage of: Our Local Government Pension Scheme Occupational health Appropriate training courses A work life balance policy Flexitime scheme dependent on role Generous annual leave entitlement. The Gateshead Housing Company is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from candidates of any age, disability, marital status, race or sex.  The Gateshead Housing Company has achieved the Positive about Disabled People symbol.  Share this: Facebook  Twitter  Pinterest  Linkedin  Print  "	"Gateshead"	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"224"	224	"Bank Support Assistant"	" Bank Support AssistantNorton Road, Stockton-on-Tees£8.68 per hour (rising to £9.14 after 12 months, subject to satisfactory performance) Hours as and when required We are seeking a Bank Support Assistant to make a real difference to the lives of our residents. Our services in Stockton support young people leaving the care service, families and individuals who are homeless. If you want to make a positive impact to people's lives, this is a rewarding opportunity to come and work within an established and experienced team. Read more about Norton Road hereThe role of Bank Support Assistant will include: Providing a high quality and hands-on care and support service to enable our clients to maximise their own potential and level of independence  Ensuring that clients are supported by developing their daily living skills such as cooking, cleaning, shopping and being part of their community  Working with colleagues and partner agencies to achieve the best outcome for our clients  Skills and experiences: Ideally you will have experience of working with vulnerable people, however candidates with enthusiasm, a real passion for the role and a willingness to learn are encouraged to apply as we are committed to delivering a tailored training programme  Initiative and assertiveness will also be key to your success, as you will be required to source innovative solutions to problems that allow independence to be maximised  Excellent interpersonal, organisational, listening and time management skills, allowing you to form positive relationships with people  Why work for Sanctuary Supported Living? We support vulnerable people to live as independently as possible , by building their confidence and skills to realise their potential. We are a national organisation but we think locally. We support people through supported housing, move-on accommodation, CQC registered services, floating support and telecare services. We specialise in services for young people, homeless families and individuals, people with physical disabilities, learning disabilities, people with mental health needs and older people.Ready to join Sanctuary Supported Living?  As part of our commitment to making Sanctuary Supported Living a great place to work, we offer you access to a range of great employee benefits and the opportunity to develop and progress within your career. Benefits include:Health and well-being plans  A variety of online discounts and rewards from major retailers  A wide range of learning and development opportunities  Read the full job profile here Closing Date: 31 May 2019We reserve the right depending on application numbers to close or extend the closing dates for positions; we would therefore recommend an early application.For an insight into what it's like to work for Sanctuary Supported Living, take a look at our Twitter feed or search #LifeatSanctuary Building Equality and Diversity We work closely with the Home Office in order to prevent illegal working. An enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check will be necessary in the event of a successful application which we will pay for. Sanctuary Supported Living is a trading name of Sanctuary Housing Association and Sanctuary Home Care Limited, both exempt charities.Job Segment: Counseling, Home Care, Healthcare"	"North East"	NA	"£8.68 an hour"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"225"	225	"Warehouse Packer"	" We have a fantastic opportunity available for hard working, enthusiastic individuals to work in a busy Warehouse Operative role for a large Distribution Centre based in Washington. We are currently looking to fill a number of positions. About the Role:  The role will involve working as part of team to meet targets as well as working on your own. Must have attention to detail while completing tasks as well as ensuring a safe working environment. Your day to day role will involve picking and packing orders with the use of hand scanners and LLOP’s This is a fast-paced environment with a lot of manual handling involved and you may be required to lift items up to 20kg. About you:  Good timekeeping is essential for this role as well as reliability and the desire to work long term in a warehousing role. You must be able to demonstrate integrity, forward-thinking and desire to get the job done accurately. Experience is not essential as full training is provided. Shifts:  7am - 3pm, 3pm - 11pm, 11pm - 7am Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Job Type: Full-time Salary: £7.70 to £8.21 /hour "	"Washington"	NA	"£7.70 - £8.21 an hour"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"226"	226	"Catering & Event Staff"	" Ngage Ltd are looking for experience, enthusiastic and freelance staff to help with their events in Washington & the surrounding area. At Ngage we focus on delivering seamless brand experiences, events, sampling campaigns by supplying only the highest quality brand ambassadors and promotional staff to represent client brands. From exhibition staff to live events we supply promotional staff for all functions within brand experience. We allow our clients the comfort of allowing us to deal with all elements of a brand experience, from creating engaging experiences to selecting the best staff we deliver the most engaging experiences. At Ngage we go to extraordinary lengths to select and retain the highest quality promotional staff to represent your brand. Through the most intensive and unique screening process in our industry, we are able to provide our customers with the highest quality promotional staff in the industry. From smaller exhibitions to national events we supply a wide variety of roles to enhance your campaign. We are currently looking to increase our portfolio of staff in Darlington so, if you think you have what it takes, get in touch today and see what you can be a part of! Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Salary: £10.00 /hour Experience: Hospitality: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Washington"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£10 an hour"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"227"	227	"Cleaner - Mowbray Primary School"	"Two cleaners are required to clean designated areas, as directed, to include toilets and associated facilities, ensuring that they are kept in a clean, safe and hygienic condition. Hours of work will be 3.30pm – 5.30pm, Monday – Friday during term time, plus nine days during school holidays. One person is required as soon as possible after 7 June 2019, the other is to commence on 1 September 2019.  Duties will include (but are not limited to) sweeping, mopping, wiping, washing, polishing, vacuuming, dusting and polishing walls, floors, furniture and fittings and emptying litter bins in accordance with service specification and standards and including personal items belonging to service users as necessary.  We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment. An enhanced criminal records check is required for this post.  Further information about the school can be found on our website.  An application pack, including an application form, is available to download below.  Completed application forms should be returned directly to the school by e-mail, no later than midday on Friday 24 May 2019. Interviews will be held week commencing 3 June 2019. School Name: Mowbray Primary School Full address: Stakeford Lane, Guidepost, Choppington, Northumberland Postcode: NE62 5HQ Tel.: 01670 823198 e-mail: admin@mowbrayprimary.northumberland.sch.uk Website address: www.mowbrayprimary.northumberland.sch.uk"	"Morpeth "	"Permanent"	"£4,115 - £4,197 a month"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"228"	228	"Finance Team Lead"	" Job DescriptionThe Finance Team Lead will play a key role in the smooth running of the Finance department of Ubisoft CRC. Along with supervising responsibility for a small team, the position will be responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the financial statements and managing the month end process including Balance Sheet reconciliations such as Accruals, Prepayments, Inter company and Fixed Assets. The role will also require analysis of financial performance to create management accounts and monthly budget reports for key stakeholders.  The position will be based in Newcastle Upon Tyne, reporting to the Senior Manager of Finance and Analytics.  Job Mission  Manage the month end close process including processing and review of relevant journal entries.  Lead a small team within the Finance department.  Prepare and review balance sheet account reconciliations  Take a lead role in producing monthly and quarterly management accounts.  Produce and monitor monthly budget reports for internal stakeholders and senior management.   Ensure accuracy of Fixed Asset / Inventory registers   Liaise with EMEA HQ finance teams to ensure completion and accuracy of inter company reconciliations, and timely submission of group reporting requirements.  Support year end and interim audits   Facilitate the renewal and creation of process documentation for existing accounting procedures, and find/implement improvements in procedures where possible.  Ensure adherence to relevant internal controls and accounting standards.  QualificationsSkills and Knowledge  4+ years experience within a finance role  Part-Qualified status within a recognised accounting qualification (CIMA, ACCA or similar)  Strong knowledge of accounting concepts.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Strong Microsoft Excel skills  Proactive and motivated by new challenges  Analytical mindset  Ability to work with a range of internal and external stakeholders from a variety of business and cultural backgrounds.  Strong interest in videogames is a plus  Fluent English, French is a plus.  Additional InformationBenefits  With Ubsoft CRC, you will receive a competitive salary along with:  Personal performance bonus  Private Health Insurance (including eye care and dental)  Life Assurance  Long Term Disability Insurance  Pension  Significant discount on the world’s best video games  25 days of holiday  Perks:  We work in the heart of Newcastle city centre, right on top of Haymarket metro station in a lively, international and creative space.  A kitchen stocked with cereals, fruits, unlimited filtered water, teas, coffee and even hipster milk products  Regular professional and social events  Monthly Ubidrinks  Flexible working hours  A casual dress code  Ubisoft is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that reflects the diversity of our player community. We are an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or disability status.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"229"	229	"Independent Mental Health Advocate"	" Job title:  Independent Mental Health Advocate / Generic Advocate Part time hours [17 hours per week]  Salary £17,000.00 – 19,000.00 pro rata per annum Based in the Hexham area [Must be willing to commute to NE46] Element of travel required, applicants must have driver’s license and access to a car Occasional additional hours to cover annual leave Application deadline; 29th May 2019 Please note this job may close early if sufficient applications are received. To apply please send a covering letter and application form via the link below:  [Link to Application form http://adventadvocacy.co.uk/home/vacancies/] An exciting opportunity has arisen to work for a leading advocacy company. We are seeking organised and motivated individuals to join our fast-growing team. An awareness of diversity and ability to research complex and sensitive issues independently and quickly is essential to the post. Experience or knowledge of working with those with learning disabilities and mental health diagnoses would be preferred. The post also provides an opportunity for highly sought-after service user contact for those wishing to pursue a career in Clinical Psychology. Job Purpose:  Advocacy is helping to support service users to express their wants and wishes and ensure that their views are expressed clearly. An advocate will help service users to speak up and act for themselves. This can include listening and providing information and representing someone’s views by speaking on their behalf. Advocates may be asked to support service users by attending Best Interests Meetings, Review Meetings, Hospital Manager’s Meetings, Mental Health Review Tribunals and Care Plan Approach meetings. Service users may want to contact an advocate if they are concerned about their treatment, care, financial issues or any other problems they may have whilst staying at hospital or in a residential setting. Key duties  Working with individuals with mental health issues and / or learning difficulties.Support service users to ensure that their views form a key part of decision-making processes.Provide service users with information about their rightsHelp service users understand the information given to them and the options available.Liaise with key health care professionals including Psychiatrists, Psychologists, Social Workers, Nurses and key workers on behalf of the service userAttend key meetings when requiredWork in a non-instructing capacity when necessaryPerson Specification We are looking for organised and motivated individualsExcellent listening and communication skills will be essential to build good relationships with service users and health professionals and of benefit in promoting the Advocacy service.Direct experience working with individuals with learning difficultiesKnowledge and experience of working with people of the Autistic Spectrum would be an advantageAn ability to engage with people with complex needs and communication difficultiesAn awareness of diversity and ability to research complex and sensitive issues independently and quicklyAbility to work to deadlinesAbility to work independentlyA flexible and reliable approach to workExperience and sound working knowledge in working with MS Office requiredKnowledge of the Mental Health Act (1983, revised 2007), the Care Act (2014) and the Mental Capacity Act (2007) would be preferable.A Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) Check (expense will be met by the employer) and a driver’s license and access to a vehicle is required.*<U+2028><U+2028>* Advent Advocacy is committed to building a culture where all employees are valued, respected and opinions count. We take pride in providing a workplace that fosters continuous professional development, flexible working and opportunities to grow within an inclusive and diverse environment. Advent Advocacy welcomes applications irrespective of disability, creed, age, ethnic origin, gender or sexuality. We are committed to equality of opportunity for all staff and applications from individuals are encouraged regardless of age, disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships. Application deadline; 29th May 2019 Please note this job may close early if sufficient applications are received. To apply please send a covering letter and application form via the link below:  [Link to Application form http://adventadvocacy.co.uk/home/vacancies/] Job Type: Part-time Salary: £17,000.00 to £19,000.00 /year "	"Hexham"	"Part-time"	"£17,000 - £19,000 a year"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"230"	230	"Customer Advisor Boots Metro Centre"	" Full-time Customer Advisor (Beauty Retail) - Boots Metro Centre  Passionate about people and retail? Build a career with Liz Earle... As the third largest premium skincare brand in the UK, with over 170 counters nationally, we are looking for beauty, skincare and retail lovers to join our team. As a Liz Earle Customer Advisor (Retail Sales Associate) you’ll be working at the forefront of our British brand, acting as a brand ambassador, delivering personalised customer service and driving retail sales.  Ready to fall in love?  During your 12 week on-counter onboarding and a visit to our Isle of Wight home, you'll be provided with the tools and knowledge to become an ambassador in all things Liz Earle. This will enable you to positively deliver our Service Model, share your comprehensive product knowledge and to ensure a truly engaging experience for each and every customer. What we look for in return are passionate, positive and engaging  people who live up to our Precious Recipe - We Care More We Never Settle We Are One Team  With our strong Isle of Wight heritage, love for natural beauty and focus on the Customer this is your chance to be part of something truly special. On top of your basic salary, generous holiday allowance & benefits, we’ll treat you to a goodie box of products monthly, whilst also giving you a 75% retail discount. After all, you’ll be a brand ambassador. Don’t forget to visit our careers site for more details https://uk.lizearle.com/content/join-our-team Diversity and inclusion is at the centre of everything we do. Liz Earle Beauty Co. is an equal opportunities employer, part of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Please note Due to the high volume of applications that we receive for our roles, we are unable to personally reply to all applications and only successful candidates will be contacted. Please do feel free to apply again in the future if you see something else you are interested in. Job Type: Full-time "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"231"	231	"Operations Administrator - P/T"	" DHL Parcel formerly UK Mail is one the UK’s leading integrated postal operators, delivering and collecting over 3 billion mail items and 50 million parcels per annum. As part of the Deutsche Post DHL Group, we have an extensive delivery network which covers the UK and over 220 countries. We are committed to pushing the boundaries of the postal and express parcel delivery markets and aim to be the first choice for customers.  We are currently recruiting for an Operations Administrator for our distribution hub in Newcastle.  This role is working 15 hours per week. Monday to Friday 17.00 - 20.00  The role involves: Administrative duties include vetting of drivers Setting up driver files Handling queries from drivers and external customers electronically, via the phone and face to face Data inputting The office is fast paced and time sensitive. The right candidate must have excellent multi-tasking skills, work well under pressure and be flexible on duties and hours for the needs of the business. Experience working within the transportation or logistics industry is beneficial with knowledge of Microsoft Office essential. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.29 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"232"	232	"Central Reservation Agent"	" Central Reservation Agent VMS Fleet Management Ltd Location: Sunderland  Salary: £18,000 - £20,000 per annum Job type: Full Time - Permanent Company: VMS Fleet Management Closing Date: 2nd June 2019 The Company: - VMS Fleet Management Ltd is a forward-thinking Contract Hire, Fleet and Accident Management Company with offices through the UK. VMS provide a wide range of services to blue chip fleet operators and Insurance Companies that includes Accident Management, Contract Hire, Repair and Maintenance Services, Vehicle Hire, Refrigeration, Salvage and Fleet Disposal. An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Hire Administrator to join our well-established and busy commercial vehicle repair team. Role Summary: - To handle enquiries from start to finish for high profile customers ensuring that all requirements are met, if not exceeded. Resolving problems by clarifying issues; researching and exploring answers and alternative solutions; implementing solutions and escalating unresolved problems To make contact with referred customers within time periods stipulated within referrer service level agreements. To follow rules as stipulated in referrer profile when handling claim. Work to tight timescales and service level agreements. To satisfy company security requirements in respect of client identification and fraud detection, ensuring team leaders and/or managers are notified of any suspicions. To be able to overcome a client’s objections to help maximise our conversion levels. Manage each case through to a satisfactory conclusion, discussing the delivery of a hire vehicle at a convenient time and location for the customer, then pass the file to the reservations team with clear information. Accurately work within agreed procedures to ensure all required information is taken and recorded and in certain cases authorised by the insurer. Accurately and efficiently administer all relevant paperwork and post call “wrap up”, including the in-house database to capture detail of the call. Build rapport with customers and referrers, communicating effectively to correctly identify client needs. Work within agreed service level agreements and achieve monthly targets Be able to resolve customer issues ensuring the customer is satisfied and that the issue is resolved in an efficient manner. Produce daily reports and paperwork. Adhere to company data protection policy. Contribute/assist in championing the need for continuous improvement, seeking to improve processes and efficiencies. Work towards individual and team targets. Any other ad hoc duties as required by the business. Key Skills Required:  - The ideal candidate will have: Good level of Education – GCSE level or equivalent GCSE English & Mathematics · NVQ Level 2 or higher in Customer Service Customer service experience Good knowledge of IT, Use of Word, Excel, Dealing with customer queries on the telephone Complaint handling experience Experience of working within an office environment Excellent communication and organisation skills Very good attention to detail Confident, Team player and Target Driven *Main Purpose of the Role As a Central Reservations Agent, you will be the primary point of contact for designated customers either directly or indirectly, delivering a high quality and effective service by ensuring processes are followed resulting in the smooth delivery and collection of vehicles ensuring all client requirements are met Personal Competencies: - Strong verbal and written communication skills Enthusiastic with a “can do” attitude A willingness to learn and grow within a commercial environment where customer service and client satisfaction is the primary focus Smart and professional in appearance Ability to work as part of a team Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Ability to switch from one task to another with ease and agility. Self-motivated and tenacious. A positive and professional attitude. Demonstrates honesty and integrity at all times. Knowledge and experience desirable: - Experience of working within a call centre environment Vehicle Hire Experience We appreciate all applicants and thank you for your interest in our company. We endeavour to respond to all applicants within two weeks of receipt of application. However, due to high volumes of applications, if you do not hear from us within two weeks please assume your application was unsuccessful.  Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £18,000.00 to £20,000.00 /year "	"Sunderland"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £20,000 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"233"	233	"Supervisor/Floor checker"	"  WGC is the UK’s leading outsourced hotel services company, helping our clients deliver some of the best guest experiences to over 24 million customers each year. In the role of Supervisor, you will report to Head Housekeeper and be responsible for supporting your team in the day to day running of the housekeeping department. In return for your dedication, WGC offers an industry leading package and is passionate about career progression; we’ll look to build a career plan with you that includes training, mentoring and extensive experience outside your current skill set, all to ensure you have some of the best opportunities to progress through the company. WGC will provide you with an annual training allowance of up to £10,000, which can be used on a selection of WGC Approved Apprenticeships and accredited training courses, including English, Maths, IT and more. Benefits also include:Life & Critical Illness Insurance DiscountStore with discounts from ASDA, O2 & more Discounted hotels and flights Low-cost health insurance Full workplace pension scheme 28 days holiday  Your role will include:Work to improve productivity and efficiency of room cleaning Analyse guest data to plan resources and materials required to meet operational requirements Maintain strong working relationship with GM, Hotel Team, HSK team and suppliers to ensure clear communication and implementation of best practice Identify ways to improve Guest Satisfaction Adhere to H&S Policy, keep all work areas neat and well organised COSHH/Manual Handling Recruit, train, manage and monitor team performance daily/weekly Deliver and exceed financial targets Manage expenditure and payroll to ensure budgets are achieved Participate in training to improve skills and performance Solve routine challenges that occur on the job  If you have previous experience of working in a housekeeping environment, can deliver a consistent level of service in a challenging environment and want to join a business that offers you exceptional development and potential to progress, apply now. "	"Durham "	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"234"	234	"Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner"	" Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner Salary Band: C (£30,300 - £36,664) Hours: Full Time (37.5 per week) Location: Buttress House, Seaton Burn Contract:  Fixed term (12 months) to cover maternity leave, beginning July 2019 An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner to join a dynamic team of clinicians. You will be joining Insight Healthcare, which is a highly regarded, national organisation and an experienced and well established provider of talking therapy services on behalf of the NHS. As a key member of the team you will be valued for your contribution to maintaining Insight’s excellent reputation and helping us develop this further through innovative practice. It is our mission to improve the mental health and wellbeing of the people we serve. You will play a key role in delivering this mission, and be committed to our core values which are at the heart of everything we do. This is an excellent opportunity to join an organisation that has experienced recent growth and continues to seek new opportunities to further strengthen and build upon our excellent reputation. We would love to hear from you if you are: - Excited by change and looking for an organisation that has the infrastructure in place to offer the excellent service you have been trained to deliver Committed to delivering quality interventions that reflect local and national priorities and targets An inspirational team player with excellent communication skills and able to work collaboratively Able to deliver required performance targets Committed to improving access to psychological therapies What we offer in return; 27 days annual leave plus bank holidays (rising with length in service) and with the opportunity to purchase additional leave A comprehensive induction and ongoing training, development and clinical supervision An enhanced pension scheme A supportive culture that values work-life balance An Employee Assistance Programme which offers 24/7 financial, legal and personal advice, including free access to counselling where required Access to LifeWorks, which provides excellent corporate discounts on shopping, cinema tickets and restaurants Discounted gym membership and Cycle to Work scheme Family friendly policies including enhanced maternity, paternity and adoption pay Death in Service Insurance For an informal discussion regarding this post please contact Jessica Tasker, Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner, on 0300 1234502 and she will be happy to speak to you. How to apply:  The closing date for applications is Sunday 26th May 2019 Interviews will be held on the week commencing Monday 3rd June 2019 We will not accept any applications through the Indeed. To apply, please visit https://www.concerngroup.org/work-for-us/vacancies/ and follow the instructions. This post is subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure. Concern Group will cover the cost of this. If you have not heard from us within 6 weeks of applying, please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Concern Group reserves the right to close the vacancy early if a large volume of applications is received. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £30,300.00 to £36,664.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£30,300 - £36,664 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"235"	235	"Customer Administrator"	" We are looking to recruit a Customer Start Up Coordinator with strong administrative skills to join our prestigious client based in Durham. Our client is a multi service provider, working through public and private sectors within the service industry and looking for an experienced Administrator / Coordinator. Working Monday to Friday 8am to 4:30pm with unpaid 30 minute lunch, the role will be to provide support to the internal departments, teams and liaising with customers. Key Responsibilities Ensure the company’s vision, values and policies and procedures are adhered to at all times Set up all new customers on the Internal Systems (AX) Manage and monitor collections / changes and report requirements to correct departments Liase with all internal departments and teams. Ordering of all Stationary / PPE / First Aid Booking Training Courses General Administrate duties Knowledge and Skills Fluent in English – read, write and speak Strong Planning Skills Excellent communication skills Strong IT skills and understand Microsoft systems Ability to multi task and work under pressure Driven, motivated and be able to work in a strong team environment This an excellent and exciting opportunity to become part of global company, this role is a temporary to permanent position. All successful candidates will be contacted for the next stage of the process. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £18,250.00 /year Experience: Administration: 2 years (Required) customer coordination: 1 year (Preferred) Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Durham, Durham (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	"£18,250 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"236"	236	"Collections Admin - Immediate start"	"  Bullet points   Working for a global business based in the North East   Compettive salary    About Our Client  Our client is a global business based in the heart of Newcastle Upon Tyne. They're looking for an experienced Credit Control Administrator to join their expanding finance team.    Job Description Credit vetting of customers Manage held order process for new and existing customers Answering customer phone calls Process customer payments Respond to email enquires Update customer accounts General administration duties Liase with internal staff    The Successful Applicant Immediately avalaible Previous credit control or collections experience Keen eye for detail Excellent communication skills Good organisational skills European language skill desirable Experience working with Excel and other Microsoft packages including Power point    What's on Offer Competitive salary Working for a global business    Contact: Louise Reid   Quote job ref: 14017102  +44 191 490 41 23  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£21,000 - £22,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"237"	237	"Apprentices ICT (Operations)"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week.    Allowances:  n/a    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186977    Employment Location:  One of the Local Authority offices within County Durham.    Post Number:  RES/19/35    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information Durham County Council wish to appoint a number of Apprentices to work within their ICT Services to provide ICT support to schools, corporate and external customers in and outside County Durham. The post(s) available are within the Digital & Customer Resources Directorate who provide ICT support across the County Council, schools estate, partner agencies and external customers. The main purpose of the role is to sustain a quality, efficient and effective ICT service and to contribute towards the development and direction of ICT Services. The successful applicants will be based in one of our service areas, although they may at times have to work in other buildings in the Durham County Council area depending on the pathway they wish to follow and will placed with one of the following teams:-Operations Team at Meadowfield Applications and Development Teams based at County Hall Infrastructure and Networking Teams at Tanfield (Tanfield Lea Stanley)  Applications for the following posts are invited from persons holding four GCSEs grades 4 – 9 (A to C) or equivalent and having a genuine interest in ICT and a commitment to quality and customer service. It would be desirable if you had knowledge of typical support duties in an ICT environment. Applicants must be customer focussed, motivated, committed with excellent interpersonal and communication skills as well as the ability to work as part of a team and to tight deadlines. For further information regarding this vacancy, please contact Barbara Brown on 03000 265171 or email Barbara.brown@durham.gov.uk. It is anticipated that Interviews will be held on 21st and 24th June 2019. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 03000 267247 or email hrresources@durham.gov.uk. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"238"	238	"Customer Advisor- 5 Hrs"	" Job Description At Hotter we are passionate about providing stylish high quality shoes, serious about customer service and believe customer satisfaction is of paramount importance. This is a Part Time Temporary vacancy for 5 hours per week, plus overtime as required to meet the needs of the business. We are looking for flexibility to cover these hours throughout the week including weekends. As a Customer Advisor with Hotter you will be customer focussed, sales driven, have a friendly outgoing personality and an enthusiastic approach to your role. At Hotter we are passionate about exceeding our customers’ expectations in everything we do, in this often fast paced and demanding environment. Reporting to the Store Manager your key responsibilities will be to deliver sales through measurable excellence in customer service, providing solutions that exceed customer expectations, assisting the and supporting the store team in achieving targets and company standards in all areas. Your daily duties will include: - Providing excellent customer service to maximise sales. Delivering high quality customer care dealing with after sales customer queries. Processing transactions through the till. Receiving and processing deliveries – including moving large deliveries to stock rooms, unpacking and storing shoes. Maintaining shop floor / window displays, visual merchandising standards and preparing for seasonal sales and promotions. Following and completing store routines in line with company policies, procedures and processes. Working well within the team actively supporting your colleagues. Your skills: - A friendly and helpful approach with customers and colleagues. The ability to engage with different types of people. A passion for learning about our products and sharing that knowledge with customers. The ability to recognise sales opportunities and maximise sales. Identifying opportunities to boost sales from selling additional products. The drive to complete your tasks in a timely, efficient and effective manner. The ability to multi task and handle the pressure of a busy day. Competence in using an EPOS till and other relevant systems. Proactive approach to own training and development, keeping yourself updated with new styles and promotions. Do you fit in our shoes? ….. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.09 to £8.21 /hour Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8.09 to £8.21 /hour edit jobclose jobview cost & performancefind candidates for this jobViews: 0 Candidates: 0Status: Open – pauseCreated: 16-MayThis job will be visible on Indeed shortly. Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8.09 to £8.21 /hour Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.09 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"239"	239	"Automotive Apprentice"	" The apprentice will gain experience in the following services:  Exhausts Clutches Brakes Vehicle Diagnostics Timing Belts Suspensions Steering Requirements and prospects Desired skills Some experience within a garage/workshop environment would be advantageous Personal qualities To be a keen and hardworking individual with a passion for the sector Desired qualifications N/A  Future prospects To complete the apprenticeship and remain with the company Things to consider For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"240"	240	"GCSE English Tutor"	" Monday - Friday 10 hours per week (Term Time Only) Well established alternative education learning centre seeks motivated and experienced GCSE English tutor to strengthen its team! You will assist the Lead Tutor in the delivery of qualification based programmes using Sport, Creative, Mechanics, or Care (dependant on your specialism and skills) as the tool of engagement. Working with young people aged 13 - 16 years you will be able to motivate and inspire whilst maintaining good levels of discipline and promoting social responsibility. Using a variety of teaching methods, ensuring qualification units are delivered taking into account a range of learning styles, you will be able deliver informative, enjoyable, safe and inclusive lessons. This post is subject to an Enhanced DBS check. A comprehensive screening process will be undertaken on successful applicants. You will also be required to complete a number of mandatory training courses applicable to this role. Both CV and application form (https://tinyurl.com/y9o9nfsf) must be completed for this post. Applicants for this post are subject to Educ8’s privacy notice for job applicants available from educ8group.com/recruitment. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8,640.00 /year Experience: tutoring: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newbiggin-by-the-Sea "	"Part-time"	"£8,640 a year"	-1.5109345	55.1853665
"241"	241	"School Administrator"	"First Class Supply are currently in high demand for school Administrators around Tyne & Wear. It is essential that you have recent experience of working within a school office environment and have up to date knowledge of SIMS. Positions are on a part time basis. To apply for this role it is essential that you: have recent experience in a role which has required you to use SIMS have recently worked in an administration capacity within a school office environment which has given you an understanding of school office, finance and data procedures are professional at all times with staff, pupils and parents are able to work accurately under pressure and within timescales First Class Supply are a genuine independent Employment Business that specialises in the education sector, currently celebrating 15 hugely successful years in educational recruitment. We have an unrivalled, fantastic reputation for delivering an exceptional, personal service to our partner schools, teachers and support staff alike. The first to forge real partnerships with schools, we are proud that our company ethos to support our local community in real ways has proved truly beneficial. As part of our commitment to our teachers and support staff we offer free, ongoing CPD courses, as well as ongoing professional support by in-house educational industry professionals. We lead, where others follow.  First Class Supply have forged strong partnerships with schools in Northumberland, North Tyneside, Newcastle, Gateshead, South Tyneside, Sunderland, Durham and Tees Valley.  If you would like to learn more about us and join the largest independent supply teaching agency in the North East visit our website; www.firstclasssupply.co.uk Alternatively, contact us on 0191 251 5566 to speak to one of our friendly team.  Applicants will attend a face-to-face interview, be expected to undergo reference checks and an enhanced DBS disclosure (if not currently held).  First Class Supply is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education."	"Whitley Bay "	"Temporary"	"£7.70 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.4417687	55.0413087
"242"	242	"Apprentice (Degree) - Building Control Officer"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  Grade 1 £18,065 p.a.    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186799    Employment Location:  County Hall, Durham    Post Number:  REAL19-150    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information An opportunity has arisen within Building Control for a Degree Apprentice who will establish good working relationships with a range of internal and external colleagues and partners, successfully undertaking an approved Degree course within the fixed term timescale of 5 years is integral to the role. The post holder will work towards and achieve competencies that will enable them to make an effective contribution to the delivery of the Building Control Service. Under the direction of the Building Control Team Leader, they will gain training and experience in the team to help the service operate effectively and efficiently. Applicants should have:- Relevant qualification to meet entry criteria must provide 120 - 128 UCAS Tariff points, could include: HNC in a relevant area or Min of 2 A Levels and/or NVQ L3 / BTEC L3 in a suitable or access to HE Diploma Must also have a good GCSE profile (or equivalent) in Maths and English Language Interviews are scheduled to be held on 19th or 20th June 2019. For further information regarding the post, please contact Graham Clark, Building Control Team Leader on 03000 261061 or via email at graham.clark@durham.gov.uk As a disability confident employer, we are committed to employing disabled people and people with health conditions making reasonable adjustments to support disabled applicants when required. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 03000 268153/264223 or email hrREAL@durham.gov.uk "	"Durham"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£18,065 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"243"	243	"Car Transporter Driver"	" We are looking for a fully experienced single car transporter driver, the driver will drive with a trailer. Must have a full clean driving licence, tachograph card, and entitlement to drive with a trailer. We deliver nationally every day . Excellent customer service skills are essential. MUST HAVE B and E licence. Must be able to work unsociable hours, weekends and bank holiday if required. Salary starts at £ 18k , when confident to drive alone increase to £ 20k , then increases to £ 24 k after 3- 6 months if the amount of cars required are being moved . Training salary of £ 18 k will apply. Only committed people apply , who can work as part of a team Job Type: Full-time Salary: £20,000.00 to £24,000.00 /year Licence: B and E (Required) Driver's License (Required) "	"Blaydon-On-Tyne"	NA	"£20,000 - £24,000 a year"	-1.7210501	54.9637822
"244"	244	"Programme Leader Media Production"	"Newcastle College are looking for an exceptional Programme Leader/Senior Lecturer to join our Media Production team, working within television and Media, both on location and within our purpose built studio.  You will be able to help students develop media production skills for television and digital broadcast techniques, as well as support them to think critically and engage with media research. You will be working with both HE and FE students so being able to work across both levels is very important. You will have a high level of experience within the industry in creating and producing content. You will use a network of contacts to help students develop employability skills.  You will be an experienced tutor, able to demonstrate innovations in teaching and learning, responding to the changing needs of students. You should be aware of the demands within both the Further Education and the Higher Education sector and respond to these with pedagogical innovations and supportive initiatives.  Applicants must have a proven record of accomplishment of delivering a first-class student experience within an education environment, having been actively engaged in teaching at FE and HE level.  Experience of education innovation would be advantageous. The applicants should have appropriate knowledge of new/emerging modes of media production, distribution and consumption, e.g. the utilisation of the Web, social media and trans-media platforms, new modes of production, distribution and consumption, open licensing etc. Camera, Editing and lighting skills are a vital role of this post and applicants will be asked to demonstrate their abilities.  Applicants should be qualified at least to Degree Level or of equivalent professional status and be able to demonstrate the ability to relate the key debates framing the transformation and location of media production in contemporary culture to teaching contexts.  In addition, applicants must have a proven track record of delivering a first-class student experience within an education environment, having been actively engaged in teaching at all levels.  The successful candidate will lead an academic programme(s) taking responsibility for the experience of all learners enrolled. Ensure the curriculum is aligned to awarding body requirements and that teaching, learning and assessment strategies used promote a high quality learning experience and facilitate learner progress leading to high levels of retention, achievement and progression. Lead the programme teaching team in delivering a high quality learning experience that meets key performance indicators.  Newcastle College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. We expect all staff to share this commitment.  At Newcastle College values are not just about what we do, but also about how we do things. Our values underpin the culture and beliefs of our organisation, we expect all our staff to demonstrate behaviours in line with our three core values. 1. Valuing Our People, 2. Ownership and 3. Being Open and Honest.  As part of the NCG Group, Newcastle College offers an excellent benefits package, including generous holiday entitlement, access to the Teachers’ pension scheme (for teaching posts) or Local Government pension scheme (non-teaching posts), company sick pay, free on-site parking, cycle to work scheme, free gym membership and much more.  To view Job Description, Person Specification and NCG Values Pack please click the document attachment above.  No agency applications will be accepted."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£25,329 - £33,949 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"245"	245	"Specialist (Governance, Wise Steps)"	"   Wise Steps is co-funded project by the National Lottery Community Fund and the European Social Fund delivered under the Building Better Opportunities programme to support people facing multiple barriers to work and employability across Newcastle, Sunderland, Gateshead, North Tyneside and South Tyneside.  The programme will assist almost 4,000 unemployed or economically inactive people to access bespoke one to one support delivered by a diverse partnership to help move them forward towards employability in terms of sociability, confidence, skills and abilities – helping them to deal with their own personal challenges and support their journey towards and into work, education and training. Target groups include long term unemployed; age 50+; people with disabilities; black, minority ethnic and refugees (BMER); ex-offenders and lone parents.  The Wise Group delivers the project with a diverse partnership of 30+ locally-based organisations including specialists with expertise in assisting people in communities in the region.  To support our project we have an exciting opportunity for a Specialist (Governance, Wise Steps) to join our team.  You will deliver a range of specialist and/or operational services/activities to support customers and colleagues ensuring that contractual obligations and goals are achieved.  Working closely with delivery and ICT you will continuously improve systems and paperwork in order to meet contractual requirements. You will also carry out internal monitoring and audits in line with contractual requirements.  Our ideal candidate will have experience of databases and a high level of IT literacy (including use of MS Office) as well as proven experience of conducting compliance quality checks and dealing with issues arising from omissions. Attention to detail, excellent communication, presentation and inter-personal skills are essential as is knowledge of government funded programmes, in particular European funding.  Please see the Role Profile for full details of the qualifications and experience required for this role.  Position: Specialist (Governance, Wise Steps)  Reference: SG/WSNE/24  Location: Newcastle  Hours: 35 hours per week  Status: Fixed Term until 31 March 2022  Salary: Circa £21k + excellent benefits  WORKING WITH THE WISE GROUP  We believe that to achieve our vision, all Wise Group colleagues must demonstrate on a daily basis, the behaviours which underpin our core values. We therefore invest and take time to recruit the right colleagues, knowing that this impacts on our culture which in turn delivers excellent results and outcomes for our valued customers.  The Wise Group provides an inclusive and supportive working environment and an excellent benefits package, which includes the following: 33 days’ annual leave (including Public Holidays) plus one additional day for every completed year of employment up to a maximum of an additional five days Generous Salary Exchange Pension Scheme Employee Assistance Programme Life Assurance Cycle Scheme We are a family friendly employer and we actively try to ensure a positive work life balance and we welcome applications from employees requiring flexibility. HOW TO APPLY  The closing date for applications is midnight on 30 May 2019.  To apply please complete the online application form available here.  Scottish Charity No: SC004089  Family Friendly Working Scotland – We promote a flexible and family friendly working culture.   Armed Forces Covenant – We are an armed forces-friendly organisation. We seek to support the employment of veterans and current or previous members of the reserve forces.   Disability Confident – The Disability Confident scheme supports us to make the most of the talents that disabled people can bring to our workplace.If you have a disability which prevents you from applying online please call 0141 303 3131.   The Wise Group is committed to equal opportunities and is a proud member of the Disability Confident scheme. As users of the scheme we guarantee to interview all disabled candidates who meet the minimum criteria for the vacancy.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£21,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"246"	246	"3571 HR Apprentice"	"Human Resources & Organisational Development is looking for an enthusiastic self motivated individual to join their team.  You will be office based and receive an introduction into how HR&OD supports the Council to manage its staff. You’ll get involved in dealing with issues such as employee contracts, recruitment, training, pay and conduct etc. As our apprentice you will gain a foundation in key areas of HR and help the team in applying processes and procedures.  A range of office skills will be developed which include a wide range of Human Resources tasks and duties including some administration duties.  As this is an apprenticeship no previous experience is required. You will study for a level 3 Certificate in HR Support at Newcastle College. A level 3 qualification is the equivalent to A levels so you will need 5+ GCSE’s with minimum level 4 or grade C (or equivalent) in English and Maths. If you are awaiting GCSE results this summer, you must be able to show your predicted grades at this level. So, whether you have recently left school or college or are looking for an alternative to further education this would provide you with the first step on the career ladder within Local Government.  For an informal discussion about the post, you can contact Susan Begg on 07976310613  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months"	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"247"	247	"Multi Drop/Courier/Delivery Driver"	" Regulux Transport is a logistics company that provides contracted delivery services to the world's largest online retailer. We currently have a long term exciting opportunity for drivers. Benefits:   £112 + per dayplus FUEL   Weekly Pay& Bonus  We can supply vans or you can use your own or rent one yourself  Trainingis provided Device is given with Data usage  Key Responsibilities:  Multi drop parcel deliveries to homes and business within your designated post code area  Pre-mapped routes, all deliveries in order for you No Timed Deliveries Working 5-6 days out of 7 days on a rota basis Earliest start is from 8:30am. Requirements:  Self Employed status Courier Multi Drop experience recommended BUT not essential as training will be given. No more than 6 penalty points CRB Check and Drug & Alcohol Test WILL be completed by all candidates before starting. - Immediatestart required- Only Vans No cars.- Interviews are already taking place! Apply ASAP!- Job Type: Full-time- Salary: £112.00 /day Job Type: Full-time Salary: £112.00 /year Experience: Driving Licence: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	NA	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"248"	248	"Administration Support Officer"	" We are looking to recruit Administration Support Officers to work with our client based in Newcastle on a temporary basis until August 2019. We have a number of roles available with full and part time hours available, spread across Newcastle City. Duties of the role will include: Updating databases.Answering telephones and dealing with queries. Offering support to the administration and HR teams. Minute Taking other general administration duties as required. For more information please apply. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary Salary: £8.85 /hour Experience: Administration: 1 year (Preferred) Minute taking: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.85 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"249"	249	"3570 Stores & Warehouse Apprentice"	"As a Stores & Warehousing Apprentice, you will develop skills, knowledge and experience in all aspects of this diverse service area. This will be via on the job training and formal training sessions to gain knowledge and understanding to provide an efficient and effective stores support service. The Housing, Property & Construction Service Stores Department deals with a diverse and large volume of range of customers in terms of our colleagues and those within the supply chain and sub-contractor network. The environment is busy and fast paced and offers a range of development opportunities.  You will work as part of a small, experienced and knowledgeable operational stores team assisting in the direct delivery of the HP&C stores service. A huge part of the role will involve working with the wider HP&C operational trade teams.  The apprenticeship will be based in the Stores Department at Harvey Combe, Killingworth and you will be expected to assist in contributing towards a safe and healthy working environment, work alongside all colleagues, process all goods and services within stores, including the maintenance of stock lines and levels, record detailed information.  You will be part of a large specialist team supporting the housing services clients, including sub-contractors and suppliers in addition to the residents of North Tyneside.  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  This post is fixed term for 18 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"250"	250	"Part time server"	" We are keen to hear from bright, enthusiastic people, who are impeccably presented and passionate about giving good service. We employ our staff on the strength of their personality; a successful candidate will be passionate, confident and have a genuine commitment to providing excellent hospitality. The environment is fun and fast-paced. Servers at Cafe 21 at Fenwickpartake in a range of roles, from running a section to working on the dispense bar. Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Experience: serving: 1 year (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"251"	251	"Fitness Tutor"	" We are looking for a qualified personal trainer tutor/assessor to join our growing team at Direct Fitness. A Tutor/assessor is needed to help support learners throughout their qualifications. You will be required to provide tutoring support and complete learner assessments on all units of the Active IQ Level 3 Diploma in fitness instructing and Personal Training qualifications. You will be in charge of a group of learners, supporting each individual via classroom and gym based teaching. Tutors must have: Level 2 Certificate in Fitness instructing Level 3 Certificate in Personal training Desirable but not essential: Circuit training Group Cycle (Spinning) Boxercise Kettlebells Tutors must hold a teaching qualification. The following are acceptable: Level 3 Award in Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Learning Sector (QCF) (PTTLS) Level 3 Award in Education and Training (QCF) Level 4 Award in Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Learning Sector (QCF) (PTTLS) Level 4 Certificate in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector (QCF) (CTTLS) Level 4 Certificate in Education and Training Level 5 Diploma in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector (QCF) (DTTLS) Level 5 Diploma in Education and Training Certificate in Education Assessors must hold the following: Level 3 Award in Understanding the Principles and Practices of Assessment (QCF) Level 3 Award in Assessing Vocationally Related Achievement (QCF) Level 3 Award in Assessing Competence in the Work Environment (QCF) Level 3 Certificate in Assessing Vocational Achievement (QCF) A1 (previously D32, D33) Please send CV and covering letter and we will be in touch as soon as possible. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £100.00 /day Experience: tutoring: 1 year (Preferred)"	"South Shields"	"Contract"	"£100 a day"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"252"	252	"Team Administrator"	"  Sellick Partnership are currently partnered with a leading Accountancy Firm based in Newcastle, specialising in Tax, are recruiting a Team Administrator to join their Financial services division.   Main purpose of job: To provide both administrative and technical support to the Tax Advisory Professionals , either as part of the team or individually. The role plays a vital part in the maintaining and developing comprehensive information for clients using our CRM system and other bespoke software. To monitor and report on activities and provide relevant information to the team is also an essential part of the role.  Main Duties of the Job:   Provide a positive and active support function to facilitate Fee Earners in the achievement of targets, ensuring tight deadlines are adhered to.  Deal with introducer/clients and outside agencies in a professional and courteous manner, in person, on the telephone, or via email  Update and accurately manage computer system and log introducer/client data, to provide accurate information to introducers/clients and Fee Earners  Prepares source data for computer entry by compiling and sorting information; establishing entry priorities.  To produce and send business letters/agreements/emails and reports using a variety of methods  Assist Fee Earners with billings etc.  To produce further information using MS Outlook, Word and Excel  Ensure the highest level of introducer/client service is delivered at all times  Maintain operations by following policies and procedures; reporting needed changes.  Photocopying documents for dissemination / circulation.  Maintain client confidentiality and protect operations by keeping information confidential.  Ensuring that the data recorded on the data information forms is entered onto the specific database completely and accurately.  Identifying any problems with the database and taking appropriate action in discussion with your line manager.  Maintaining adequate records, keeping an up to date filing system.  Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.  Any other relevant duties as directed and in line with the grade of the post.  Ensuring that appropriate security measures are taken to prevent unauthorised access to data, in accordance with the Data Protection Act.  Sellick Partnership is a market-leading professional services recruitment specialist operating across the UK. Over the years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers and our expert team of consultants boast up-to-date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. Please note our advertisements use years' experience and salary levels purely as a guide. We are happy to consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary to fulfil the role. If you do not hear from us within 48 hours please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. For information on how your personal details may be used by Sellick Partnership, please review our data processing notice which can be found in the footer on our website.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"253"	253	"Motor Vehicle Apprentice"	" All aspects of car mechanics, including: Brakes Tyres Engines Servicing MOTs Requirements and prospects Desired skills Good listening and communication skills Ability to work well, both independently and in a team Health and Safety aware Personal qualities A strong interest in the automotive industry Keen to learn Excellent attendance and timekeeping – flexible to meet business requirements Can take direction well Desired qualifications Ideally working towards a Level 2 mechanics qualification.  The qualification requires you to hold GCSE (or equivalent) English and maths at grade C/4 or be working towards these qualifications.  Future prospects To complete the apprenticeship and remain a permanent member of staff."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"254"	254	"Service Consultant"	"  If you take great pride in genuinely helping customers and earning their trust, then look no further than the Sytner Group. We are currently looking for a positive and motivated individual to join our team of talented service consultants at Mercedes-Benz of Newcastle. The right person will be a team player who works well under pressure and has a passion for customer service. This is a challenging role where customer care always comes first, you'll take the time to talk to people, build a genuine rapport and identify exactly what it is that they want and need. In return, we'll take the time to give you all the support you need to build a successful career As a Service Consultant, your key responsibilities involve providing our customers with a first class customer service and taking care of all their servicing and repair needs. Working closely with the workshop to ensure all work is completed on time and to schedule. You will have excellent customer service experience with the skills and passion to deliver them. You will also have high energy and positive attitude, outstanding listening and communication skills, be well organized and handle working in a busy but fun environment. This role will require you to be highly professional and have the ability to give best advice on our products and services to our customers. As the UK's leading retailer of prestige cars, Sytner Group provide an extraordinary working environment with remarkable opportunities and are driven by our aim \"to promote from within\" so are continually developing talent in order to build life-long careers. If you believe you have what we’re looking for, we look forward to hearing from you. Please send your applications including your covering letter and CV. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"255"	255	"Van Delivery Driver"	" Self employed Multi Drop Driver MUST PASS DRUG AND ALCOHOL TEST. offering competitive rates of pay. We are looking for hardworking, reliable individuals that have the ability to use their own initiative. If you’re looking for a new challenge, and think you can help us enhance our first-rate delivery service then, apply now! The shift pattern is Sunday - Saturday (working 5 days to 6 days from 7 days) Job Responsibilities: Have held driving license for more than 2 years due to insurance reason. Multi drop parcel home and business deliveries, no collections. Ensure orders are delivered to the customer in line with DAS standards, on time and in good condition. Completing daily checks of the vehicle in accordance with the vehicle checking requirements. Audit parcels and load vehicles ready for deliveries. Ensure the accurate completion of paperwork and/or systems in line with processes. Work as a team member to consistently achieve performance delivery. Use manual handling training effectively to ensure safe working practices are adhered to at all times. Communicate effectively with the customers and provide the highest quality of service at all times. Hold a valid and current driving licence Are not currently banned from driving or have your license suspended Previous Multi Drop Driver experience preferred but no essential Competitive rates of pay MUST PASS DRUG AND ALCOHOL TEST Job Type: Full-time Salary: £112.00 to £130.00 /day "	"Sunderland "	NA	"£112 - £130 a day"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"256"	256	"Martial Arts Instructor - Area Commander"	" One of the biggest and most successful martial arts organisations in the UK is now recruiting for a martial arts instructor to take over an existing school based in County Durham and surrounding areas. The instructor they are looking for must have previous experience of martial arts/boxing and or physical training. Applicants must have proven customer facing experience plus outstanding communication skills. This role requires the ability to identify opportunities for establishing regular lessons at various locations, along with the drive to develop and attract new clients whilst retaining existing members. Applications can be ex-military or civilian and 25-45 years of age Instructors will be teaching military themed martial art and self-development classes to children and adults. They must be extremely self-motivated and able to bring the best out in the students. They must also be super fit and professional in line with the company’s ethos. They will be building and leading a team of students and instructors in their local area while looking for opportunities to expand in to new areas. They are looking for instructors with big aspirations who can grow their schools and will be financially well rewarded for it. Knowledge, skills and qualifications required:  Essential:  Martial arts experience Physically fit and robust Resourceful and able to think outside the box Excellent communication skills Previous customer facing experience Ability to network Clean driving licence Leadership skills Able to identify opportunities Able to set goals and identify the steps to take in order to achieve them DBS checked required Job Type: Full-time Salary: £26,000.00 to £48,000.00 /year Experience: Martial Arts: 3 years (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Durham"	NA	"£26,000 - £48,000 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"257"	257	"Service Centre Sales Assistant"	" Service Centre Sales Assistant   Newcastle   Full time - 42.5 Hours per week, Monday to Friday.   We have an excellent opportunity to join our busy and fast paced business with in the Plumbing and Heating Division. Joining Travis Perkins's Plumbing and Heating division as a Service Centre Sales Assistant comes with excellent benefits and long term career opportunities. Share our success in a hard-working and friendly environment.   The role:   The Estimating Department sits at the heart of PTS, supporting customers and colleagues with expert pricing and technical knowledge. To support the busy Estimating team a Service Centre Sales Assistant is required to assist in the day to day processing of incoming enquiries, resolve disputes on customer invoices, creation and maintenance of contracts on our operating systems, liaising with both internal and external customers and manufacturers.   What we are looking for:   The successful applicant must be able to demonstrate the following:-  A high level of accuracy and attention to detail  An outstanding level of customer service  Previous Administration experience  Handle incoming and outgoing mail, phone calls, faxes etc in a professional and courteous manner  Ensure processes are maintained and reviewed in line with department business rules  The ability to build mutually beneficial relationships with our sales force, branches, suppliers and customers  Possess good knowledge of IT skills specifically with spreadsheets   About us:   PTS is a leading distributor of domestic plumbing and heating products to a varied customer base including major contract customers, house builders and housing associations. With a network of branches, PTS is ideally placed to meet the needs of customers, wherever they may be, we also offer a fast and efficient on time in full delivery service. PTS is also the sole supplier of key products and services to British Gas.   As part of the Travis Perkins Group, one of the UK's leading companies weve got the supportive culture of a family run business and an entrepreneurial mindset. Recognised as one of Britains Top Employers since 2010, we offer our employees access to extensive career opportunities across 20+ leading businesses.   #LI-MW1 "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"258"	258	"Temporary Sales Associate"	" Kids Around - Designer Children's Wear Temporary contract available 01/05/2019 - 29/02/2020 to cover maternity leave with a look to a potential permanent contract available after end of temporary period. 37.5hrs per week, 5 days over 7. days and evenings. will include weekends and some bank holidays. Competitive rate of pay, potential bonus and a mature and supportive working environment with progression for candidates looking for a career in retail. Previous high end retail and customer service experience Essential as well as background in retail store key holder preferred. Candidate will be working for a designer children’s wear store 'Kids Around' within Intu Metrocentre Gateshead. Working for brands such as Hugo Boss, & Timberland - candidate will be responsible for high end, premium customer service, working towards targets, merchandising the collections, maintaining high standards of good housekeeping, processing deliveries, maintaining a clean and tidy stockroom and all other sales related duties. All suitable candidates must be confident with sales, driven towards targets, self-motivated and able to work to a high level unsupervised while managing time efficiently. Potential Key holder responsibility also available. Candidate must be fully flexible with shifts/days. Please apply direct with CV and covering letter including the vacancy details. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary "	"Gateshead "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"259"	259	"Contact Centre Advisor"	"About us Do you like a challenge? Can you keep your cool under pressure in a fast-paced environment? Do you thrive on helping other people and providing a great customer service experience? If you answered yes to all three, we want YOU! As a rapidly growing motor retailer, Vertu Motors are looking for passionate and committed individuals to join our successful and ever-expanding Business Development Centre as Booking Coordinators. Our colleagues are devoted, compassionate, and dedicated people who live for the satisfaction of a happy customer. The Business Development Centre is full of enthusiastic, progressive, and forward-thinking people who will help our business flourish, just as the name suggests. Our people are the reason why we are now the 6th biggest motor retailer in the UK.About the Role Could this be you? If you have experience in customer service or sales, excellent communication skills and can use a computer then what’s stopping you? Why a Booking Coordinator? Like us, you know that customer service isn’t just about providing a service. It’s about delivering an outstanding customer experience and building authentic and honest relationships, ensuring that customers feel valued every step of the way. We endeavour for total transparency with our customers, making sure they are aware of our available products and services. This way, they can make informed choices about the maintenance and care of their vehicle. Of course, we work to targets, but we want our colleagues to reach their full potential, both individually and as part of our team. More importantly though, it is all about identifying a customer’s desires and their needs and tailoring our products and services to suit them – something that your knowledge and skills will enable you to do.About You What is a Booking Coordinator’s role and their responsibilities? To summarise, a Booking Coordinator will establish a vital relationship between our customer and our dealerships, ensuring customer satisfaction levels are exceptional. After completion of all training, your role will be to both answer incoming calls from customers looking to book their vehicle in for an aftersales service, including services, MOTs or for repairs. You will also be proactively calling our existing customers to encourage them to book their vehicle in – meaning your role will be inbound and outbound oriented. We only ring existing customers, so we never cold-call. A Booking Coordinator will inform customers of the servicing requirements of their vehicle and will then liaise with both the customer and the dealership to book the vehicle in on a suitable date. They will upsell beneficial products and services that will enhance the customer’s vehicle, such as air-conditioning services and winter checks. A Booking Coordinator will manage customer expectations as they are often the first point of contact for our aftersales customers, and they will establish an honest and friendly relationship that will guarantee the customer returns to Vertu Motors.What you can expect But why should you choose us? - A competitive starting salary of £17,000, increasing with experience. - The potential to earn up to £19,500 through bonuses and commission - Possibilities for promotion and progression within the role and company - A company rewards scheme offering cashback and discounts on your everyday shopping, as well as the luxuries - A salary-based pension scheme - A share incentive scheme - Job security - Free parking onsite - Discounted car purchase available exclusively to colleagues - Ongoing training and support from management - A staff canteen serving breakfast and lunch - A great location on Team Valley Trading Estate with excellent public transport links A vast majority of our Booking Coordinators say that the best thing they love about their job is the people. So, if you are outgoing, have experience in customer service or sales, excellent communication skills and can use a computer, we want YOU! Apply today. Job Reference: BDC00069"	"Gateshead"	NA	"£17,000 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"260"	260	"Programme Sales at Truckfest North East"	" TRMG are looking for staff to sell the Official Programme for Truckfest North East. The role involves interacting with the public as they enter the show to actively sell the Official Programme to the visitors. Must have an outgoing personality and confidence to engage with people. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £75.00 /day Experience: customer service: 2 years (Preferred)"	"Wolsingham"	"Part-time"	"£75 a day"	-1.8854244	54.7304923
"261"	261	"Apprentice - Assistant Ranger"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Fixed Term    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week (£3.90 per hour) NMW applies in 2nd year at age +19    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186677    Employment Location:  You may be required to work at any Council workplace within County Durham    Post Number:  REAL19-147    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information To assist in practical aspects of countryside site management. This will primarily comprise undertaking site inspections, routine maintenance tasks and managing voluntary assistance to ensure the proper management of the Countryside Estate. The post holder will also assist with the security and general maintenance of Visitor Centres and all other structures within any Park and elsewhere on the Countryside estate as required. Required Qualifications: You must have or be expect to achieve 4 GCSE’s at grades A*-G/9-1 or equivalent in a relevant subject area. As a disability confident employer, we are committed to employing disabled people and people with health conditions making reasonable adjustments to support disabled applicants when required. For an informal discussion about the post, please contact Coralie Niven, Senior Parks & Countryside Ranger on tel. no. 03000 264584 or email coralie.niven@durham.gov.uk Apply on-line via the jobs portal or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on telephone no. 03000 268153 / 264223 or email hrreal@durham.gov.uk Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. In line with the County Council’s Recruitment & Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. "	"Durham"	"Contract, Apprenticeship"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"262"	262	"Sales Director"	" This role will be suited for individuals with Merchant Services background, you will need to be comfortable approaching businesses with the view to transfer their inhouse payment solutions. You will continue to be paid a monthly commission while the business/customers stays with our preferred provider. We are looking for someone to come in generate business and build a team around them based on the same model. You will receive 3% of our commissions that's paid to us monthly, the more customers we sign up this will continue to increase as long as the customer is with us. Anyone other member of staff you recruit you will receive an extra 1% of the revenue they generate you will need to be confident, reliable and trust worthy with the ability to be left alone and do what is needed to ensure the growth of customers. For the right candidate after the 12 month point their may be the option for shares in the hole business. This is a real opportunity for some one to grow with a company and have a career not just a job Please only apply for this role if you have past experience in this role and have the drive to succeed Job Type: Commission Salary: £0.00 to £55,000.00 /year Experience: Sales: 1 year (Required) Merchant services: 1 year (Required) Licence: Driving License (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Commission"	"£55,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"263"	263	"Plater"	"3 x Platers required to work on a temporary to permannet basis in Burnopfield. The work will consist of reading drawings, marking off, cutting, burning and working with both thick and thin plate for O&G projects. Please forward your CV to kyle.pearce@kinetic-plc.co.uk Kinetic plc is a Recruitment Consultancy with over 35 years of experience of delivering staffing solutions to the engineering, manufacturing and technical industries. Kinetic plc treats all applications with a high degree of care, we review all submissions and will attempt to contact applicants who match the job profile. Those that do not meet the specification may not be contacted but their CV retained to be considered against future opportunities."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£13.10 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"264"	264	"Member Pioneer"	"Member Pioneer £8.75 per hour plus benefits Home based in the Central Durham area. You’ll need to live in or very close to this community to be eligible to apply 4 hours per week (16 hours per month). Flexible hours that meet the needs of your community We’re looking for member pioneers to join Co-op, in communities across the country. In this unique role you’ll be focused on bringing people together to make a difference in your community. That means talking to Co-op members, colleagues in stores and funeral homes, and representatives of the many local causes we support. By building relationships with and connecting these people you’ll be the catalyst for new ideas, initiatives and projects that will make our communities better places to live. We plan to have a member pioneer dedicated to each of our communities and you’ll be a part of this ambitious plan for a better future. Everything you do will contribute to our community plan, making sure we make the biggest impact possible across the UK by increasing community co-operation. It’s an opportunity to make a visible difference where you live, supported by an organisation with nearly 70,000 colleagues. What you’ll do:develop an action plan to improve community wellbeing, aligned to key themes establish and run a local community forum, or make connections with one that already exists build a strong group of contacts locally, making use of social media platforms to help with listening to and getting involved in community conversation get activities off the ground and encourage lots of involvement from members in your community prioritise your time, making your hours count and focusing on opportunities to make the biggest difference  This role would suit someone who:has lots of enthusiasm with the ability to get things moving is interested in all things community focussed can inspire and motivate people through their communication style loves working with and connecting people can prioritise their time and remain focussed on a long term goal is confident using social media  has good basic IT skills (ideally with experience using collaborative tools like the Google suite or Skype)  is both committed and dedicated lives within or very close to the community you’ll support, detailed above  Why Co-op? As a member pioneer you’ll have the chance to support local communities, making a visible difference by encouraging people to work together. As a Co-op colleague you’ll also receive a competitive salary and a wide range of benefits including:24 days holiday (rising to 30 with service) discounts on all kinds of Co-op products and services a pension with up to 10% employer contributions  Building an inclusive work environment We’re actively building diverse teams and welcome applications from everyone. But simply having a diverse workforce is not enough. We want to build an inclusive environment, where everyone can develop to their full potential. We celebrate our differences, and recognise the importance of teams reflecting the communities they serve. We can make adjustments to the interview process according to your needs. And we offer a flexible working environment so you can adjust your hours to suit your personal circumstances. You can find out more about Co-op people policies at coop.co.uk/peoplepolicies. As part of your application you’ll need to complete an online assessment. It will take you around 12 minutes to complete this test."	"Durham "	NA	"£8.75 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"265"	265	"Regional Support Administrator"	" Do you have a passion for care? If so we would love to hear from you! Roseberry Care Centres are a provider of Nursing, Residential and Specialist Care. We have 16 homes across the country. We are committed to the well being and contentment of our residents. We are currently seeking a regional support administrator to support our Care Centres. The role will be based in our head office in Penshaw but regular travel to our care centres and overnight stays will be expected as part of this role. Travel expenses and overnight accommodation will be paid for by the company. The hours of work are Monday - Friday, 9.00am-17.00pm Job Role SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & QUALIFICATIONS Required: Good numerical and word processing skills Knowledge/ experience of MS word and MS Excel Good communication and organisational skills Friendly, confident, well presented and customer focused Professional telephone manner Genuine interest in working within a caring environment An appreciation for the need of confidentiality Satisfactory CRB check Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00 to £22,000.00 /year Experience: administrator in care: 1 year (Required)"	"Houghton le Spring"	NA	"£18,000 - £22,000 a year"	-1.4699279	54.8406536
"266"	266	"Process Technologist"	"     Location North East England  Contract Permanent  Reference  Date Posted May 17, 2019  Consultant Sara Boston        An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Process Technologist to join a growing leading supplier of pharmaceutical packaging supplies to the healthcare industry at their site in Newcastle.  As a Process Technologist you will be responsible for being the first point of contact relating to issues highlighted during manufacturing and provide expertise on Chemical formulation.  Responsibilities: Trouble shooting and identifying cGMP resolutions to any issues in manufacturing. Provide suitable IT support for administration of the automated systems. Specification required for new materials e.g. components and packaging materials Generate BMR & BOM to support new market launches Perform technical review to support new proposals of work/business. Design a manufacturing process from development to GMP. Design component functionality in line with production and cGMP requirements including preparation of drawings   You must be educated to a minimum of BSc (Hons) (or equivalent) in a scientific discipline preferably Chemistry, be able to demonstrate good communication and interpersonal skills and GMP experience is preferable.  This is an excellent opportunity to progress your career in a state-of-the-art laboratory and contribute to the continued success of a growing company which values its staff highly.  If this sounds like you, apply now with your CV, and feel free to contact Sara Boston at CY Partners for more information.  The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. CY Partners Recruitment Ltd, trading as CY Partners is an Employment Business/Agency.  The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. CY Partners Recruitment Ltd, trading as CY Partners is an Employment Business/Agency.   "	"North East"	"Permanent"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"267"	267	"Cleaner"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Permanent    Working Pattern:  Part time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  31/05/2019 23:59    Salary:  Grade 1, £18,065 pro rata    Hours per week:  10    Job Category:  Schools - Support    Vacancy ID:  186985    Employment Location:  Durham Blue Coat C.E Aided Junior School    Closing date:  31 May   Further Information Required for as soon as possible. 10 hours per week (3.45pm – 5.45pm) We require an additional cleaner to join the Blue Coat cleaning team. Our friendly and welcoming school is set at the heart of the local community. A recent Ofsted inspection (January 2018) judged the school to be good. The governors are seeking to appoint a highly motivated cleaner to join our staff. The post requires you to undertake duties in the following areas:Clean identified areas of the school including classrooms, toilets, corridors, offices and staffroom. Dust, polish, wash floors, wash tables, chairs and shelves, dust bookcases etc. Inform caretaker of the need for replacement light fittings/fuses etc. Inform caretaker of the need for supplies. The cleaning and caretaking staff are expected to provide mutual assistance in the moving of heavy furniture so as to enable each to carry out their respective duties.  Applicants are very welcome to visit the school. Please notify the office of your intention to visit by ringing 0191 3865975. Application packs can be downloaded from this advert, alternatively they can be obtained by emailing the school, bluecoat@durhamlearning.net and completed forms should be returned to the school. The Governing Body is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. Any offer of employment will be subject to an enhanced disclosure DBS check. Durham County Council is an Equal Opportunities Employer. We want to develop a more diverse workforce and we positively welcome applications from all sections of the community. Applicants with disabilities will be invited for interview if the essential job criteria are met. Employees who must work all year around (52 weeks per year), including during school closure periods. These employees will have a leave entitlement of 26 or 31 days (pro rata for part time) which must be taken when the schools are closed. The holiday entitlement runs from April to March, under Green Book terms i.e. not academic year). Closing date: Friday 31st May 2019 Shortlisting: Wednesday 5th June 2019 Interview date: Friday 14th June 2019 Durham Blue Coat C.E Aided Junior School Langley Road, Durham, DH1 5LP Telephone: 0191 3865975 Email: bluecoat@durhamlearning.net Website: www.bluecoatcofejunior.co.uk "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£18,065 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"268"	268	"Waiter | Waitress | Permanent & Casual Role"	" We’re all about people. Why else would we be in hospitality? What will I be responsible for as Waiter/Waitress? Reporting into the Restaurant Manager and Restaurant Supervisor, you’ll be making sure that our service delivery makes each of our customers feel special. You will treat each of our customers as an individual and make sure they leave looking forward to their next visit. The successful applicant for this role will deliver excellent customer service, have a positive ‘can do’ attitude, be willing to learn and show that they care. Where Will You Be Working? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s in it for you? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Is this Waiter/ waitress role right for me? We are looking for someone who can communicate well with others, can carry out instructions, is able to pay close attention to detail and will commit to providing outstanding service to our guests. Experience is preferable but full training is provided. You will be flexible with work hours in line with business needs. Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time "	"Slaley"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"269"	269	"Warehouse Operatives"	"  Job Type: Temporary Category: Manufacturing, Warehousing  Central Employment are delighted to be working alongside a global blue chip client in the Newcastle area.  We currently have a number of vacancies for experienced warehouse operatives ideally with forklift licence. These roles will be made permanent for the right candidates after a successful probation period.  Ideally candidates will have worked within a fast paced and heavily regulated environments e.g. Food production, clean room environment. Having a strong knowledge of good manufacturing practices and understanding the importance of attention to detail is a must for this role.  Start Dates: TBC and be tailored around suitable candidates depending on notice periods etc  Shift pattern: 40 hours per week Days 6:00 – 14:15. Backs 14:00 – 22:15 Nights 22:00 – 06:15  The shifts are Monday to Friday, with overtime paid at Weekends.( Saturday X1.5 Sunday x2)  Pay Rate: £9.95 – £10.38 per hour  Key Responsibilities: Responsible for logging the movement of all stock items both raw materials and finished goods. Using various Fork lifts on site Ensure deliveries are unloaded/stored safely in the warehouse Maintaining Health and Safety standards, ensuring the department is clean at all times Picking stock Stock Management Accurately maintaining Warehouse Inventory systems The successful candidate will possess the following skills and experience: Well organised, demonstrating a methodical approach and meticulous attention to detail. Highly motivated and confident with good interpersonal and communication skills. Resilient, able to work independently under pressure and to tight deadlines. Forklift experience with either Reach/Counterbalance/VNA/LLOP/BENDI Good levels of IT Literacy Stock Management Experience e.g. SAP Systems   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£9.95 - £10.38 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"270"	270	"Cleaner"	" Cleaner  Hours of work - 27 hours per week as follows (split shifts):  Monday to Friday 0600 - 0900 plus  Monday to Thursday 1600 - 1800  Friday 1400 - 1800 Dusting, sweeping, vacuuming, mopping and empty waste bins Clean toilets, urinals, hand basins Using electrically powered scrubbing and polishing machines to burnish, scrub, polish and spray clean floors  Spot clean internal windows ensuring they are smear free and dried properly Replenish consumable items (soap, toilet rolls, paper towels etc.) and check stock levels of cleaning materials Carry out heavy cleansing tasks and special projects as required Use chemical agents as directed by the supervisor  Ensure that all cleaning duties carried out are strictly in accordance with BICS standards Communicate with the client/tenants and always be willing to offer help Ensure that all work undertaken is carried out in line with the company’s Health and Safety procedures.  Carry out any other reasonable duties as directed by the supervisor Qualifications & Experience  Essential:  Excellent customer care skills  Excellent standards of appearance  Excellent standards of time keeping  The ability to work alone, self-motivated and without supervision  A willingness to work flexibly to cover team holidays/absence  Good understanding of the English Language  Good communication skills both verbal and written  An understanding of basic maths skills for measuring and ordering cleaning fluids/materials  Desirable  BICS qualification OR Previous BICs Training Experience of cleaning industry colour coding Knowledge of cleaning chemicals and supplies Location North East  Reference  Job Specification "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"271"	271	"UX Designer"	" As a User Experience (UX) Designer you are responsible for applying a user centred design methodology on projects from start to finish. You draw together the client’s business requirements, customer/end-users’ needs and technical capabilities, to develop an elegant user experience. You will predominantly design services and products which are digitally focused but will have an appreciation for the customer experience across channels beyond digital. This role doesn’t work in isolation on a single task in a project. Instead, you are the guardian of the User Experience on the project from start to finish, working collaboratively within the team. A bit about you: Deliver the most suitable design solutions which meet user needs, business needs and reflect known constraints. Collaborate with other UXers, Developers, Visual Designers and QA to arrive at the most suitable solution quickly. Select appropriate user and business research activities to gain a deep understanding of needs. Gather insights and data related to competitors and market sectors and be able to communicate key insights, themes and opportunities to your team and stakeholders. Conduct, analyse and present user research - behavioural, attitudinal, and evaluative. Be confident choosing the most appropriate methodology depending on the stage of the project. Plan and facilitate collaborative stakeholder and/or customer workshops that support and drive the project forward. Conduct heuristic reviews of current sites or services, and use them to inform UX and design direction Plan user flows and information architecture (IA) that is intuitive for users to find their way around your site or service. Produce high quality deliverables that clearly communicate rationale in an easy to understand, compelling manner. Create prototypes at the most appropriate fidelity for their purpose. Provide recommendations for iterations or improvements based on regular user research. A bit about us: 11 years strong with a force of 120, and counting. Innovation is our product, we dedicate 10% of revenue to advancing in this area. We offer staff annual leave starting at 23 days rising to 27 days, including the option to purchase additional days annually, competitive salaries, pension scheme and the opportunity to shape our business. Choose from a range of benefits to suit you: childcare vouchers, discounted gym membership, season ticket loans, dental plans and much more. Casual, friendly office culture. Staff work hard together,and enjoy Friday afternoon Beers with Ideas, social events and hackdays. Our unique offices include a Games Room, Ideas Room and areas dedicated to agile project delivery. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"272"	272	"NARS - Makeup Artist - John Lewis, Newcastle"	"Sophisticated, witty and effortlessly chic, NARS embraces individuality, providing the vivid colour and luxurious texture needed to express personal visions of beauty.  Created in 1994 by the iconoclastic makeup artist François Nars, the brand has become a modern cult classic, synonymous with artistry, exquisite design, richly adventurous colour and witty irreverence. With counters across the UK & Ireland and a growing network of standalone stores, NARS is the brand to join for those who want to focus on the future.  We are part of the Shiseido Group, and in joining NARS you will not only receive innovative and artistry led training, a generous discount on our award winning products and the chance to be part of a fast growing brand – you join an incredible group network of brands, where developing our people is at the heart of our business.  NARS inspires self-expression, creativity and artistry - bringing high-fashion, high-style and forward thinking to beauty. As a Makeup Artist you will be bringing this vision to our customers on counter. Your passion for artistry and service, along with personality, is key - we are looking for someone who is creative and able to ensure that each customer has an engaging and individual experience.  Through one to one sessions and events, you will use your artistry skills and product expertise to ensure that each customer goes away not only with a bag full of luxurious makeup but also the confidence to use NARS techniques to express their own personal vision of beauty. By learning our customer engagement approach you will be able to create strong connections with your customers through the brand history and high performance formulas thus securing brand loyalty to not only NARS but you as an Artist.  We’ll provide you with all the tools and training you need to ensure that you are able to express your creativity and be the best makeup artist you can be and in return we’ll expect you to be reaching and exceeding your performance targets. As a NARS Artist, you have the power to change the way a client feels about themselves through your actions, communication and the connections that you make. This will be your daily commitment to your clients and yourself."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"273"	273	"Support Worker"	" Pathways Recruitment are recruiting for a support worker working with adults with learning disabilities, complex needs, autism and challenging behaviour The position is based in Acomb The organisation assists people living independently in semi-independent flats / houses, to help them live an independent and fulfilling life, the life they want We are looking for highly motivated support workers who can provide high quality support to people with learning disabilities, by listening to and understanding their needs. A Support Worker would be expected to: Provide support in all aspects of daily life to enable integration into the community. Attend to the physical and emotional needs of tenants, ensuring the highest possible standard of health. Involve tenants in all decisions and choices that affect them. Provide support with budgeting and managing money. Be a representative for the people they support, if required. Treat tenants with respect, maintaining dignity and confidentiality at all times. To apply for this role you must: Have recent experience working within social care Salary £8.21 per hour and £62.50 for sleep £20,600 PA (this is based on 40 hours a week and 1 sleep) Under 25 £7.70 per hour To apply for this role please forward your CV or call Adelle for more information Job Type: Full-time Salary: £20,600.00 /year "	"Acomb"	NA	"£20,600 a year"	-1.1255523	53.9553132
"274"	274	"Project Support Officer"	"   The Role:  One of Newcastle’s largest businesses are seeking a Project Coordinator to work on a large project for on an initial temporary basis with a view to going permanent. This is a small, friendly team within a private company, who provide a service to the NHS and Local Authority. The Job:  Job Title: Project Support Officer  Salary: £25,000 to £32,000 Reports to: Programme Manager Location: Newcastle and will involve some travel This is offered on an ongoing, temporary basis with a view to being made permanent, working hours are ideally full-time but consideration would be given to more flexible working for the right person.   Responsibilities:  The successful candidate will primarily support the project and will be integral in supporting and coordinating team activities. Activities will include: -  Support collaboration and communications with a wide variety of external professional and lay audiences, in line with the existing communications and engagement strategies. Provide support to the team members in all aspects of the delivery and implementation of the project. Take part in networking and attend events, arrange meetings and minute take as required. To assist with the generation of high quality marketing and communications materials and channels, and the delivery of key Work Programme information. Maintaining programme protocols and documentation, including programme plans, logs and reporting. Effective engagement with key audiences through the participation in events, networking, and attendance at meetings. Setting up, managing, and reporting on, an effective customer relationship management system.    The Candidate:  As the successful candidate, you will demonstrate not only the required knowledge and experience, but the right attitude and mindset, enabling your success in the role, the team and the wider organisation. Applicants must be able to demonstrate knowledge of the processes and procedures involved in project management, knowledge of communications, including social media campaigns and be educated to ‘A’ level standard or equivalent. The ability to plan, organise, and prioritise work-load, ensuring the effective delivery of projects  Ability to coordinate the work of others  Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the preparation and delivery of presentations and reports  A high level of literacy and strong copy writing skills  The ability to communicate and interact with project delivery teams  Interpersonal and networking skills  Knowledge of the resources associated with the organisation of meetings and events, such as teleconferencing, videoconferencing, and other presentation media  Excellent IT skills, including use of Microsoft Office especially MS Word     To apply:  This is a great opportunity for a motivated Project Support Officer with the relevant skills to join an ever changing dynamic working environment! If you feel that you are suitable and match at 80% of the required skills, then we would very much like to hear from you. Please apply with an updated CV as well as availability and we will be in touch soon.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	"£25,000 - £32,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"275"	275	"Assistant Cook"	"The Percy Hedley Foundation provides services for a range of young people and adults with physical disabilities and other associated difficulties. In Northern Counties School, Jesmond specialist teachers, therapists and special support assistants provide an integrated approach to working with children who have difficulties including sensory impairment, ASD and associated behavioral difficulties, and profound and multiple learning difficulties.  Working as part of a small team within the school kitchen, the Assistant Cook will work alongside the Cook Supervisor to assist in menu planning and financial management of the School catering service. The successful candidate will manage the day to day running of the kitchen including the ordering, supervision and catering for events and meetings.  You must have a minimum of a 706/1 City & Guilds – Cooking for the Catering Industry or an NVQ 2 and significant experience and a willingness to train. A current Food Hygiene qualification is essential.  Click here for job description."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"276"	276	"Classroom Assistant - Easington Lane Primary School"	" Job Title: x2 Classroom Assistant with Extra Curricular Childcare Hours: Specific hours to be agreed – (Working hours between 8:15am and 5:30pm) Grade: Grade 3 Job Location: Easington Lane Primary School Directorate: Children’s Services Responsible to: Headteacher /SMT Contract: 1 Year Fixed Term – 37.5hrs per week Term Time Only Start Date: Sept 19  Details of the school can be found on our website http://easingtonlaneprimary.org.uk/  Application packs can be requested via email to office@elps.school or downloaded from North East Jobs.  This post is exempt from the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 and therefore will be subject to a DBS check from the Disclosure and Barring Service.  Applications should be returned to the School Business Manager, Mr Barry Huitson, no later than 12pm on the closing date. Closing date: Monday 3rd June Shortlisting: Tuesday 4th June Interviews: Tuesday 11th June"	"Sunderland "	"Temporary"	"£19,554 - £21,166 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"277"	277	"Functional Skills Tutor"	"  Permanent, full-time post | Salary: up to £27,744 per annum Location: Derwentside College, Consett Closing Date: Sunday 02 June 2019  Are you interested in joining a dynamic and progressive organisation, with a clear vision to be the number one College in the North East?  Why Derwentside College?  Derwentside College is the top performing college in the region for student satisfaction and in the top 10% nationally for achievement. We are an ambitious organisation and, as one of the largest apprenticeship providers in the country, we are leading the way in delivering a diverse range of services to learners and employers. Due to the expansion of our programmes for adults and apprentices, we are seeking to recruit a Functional Skills Tutor. The successful applicant will be able to deliver Functional Skills in English, maths and ICT up to level 2 to young people, apprentices and adults. We are a values-driven organisation, with the highest expectations of our learners – we expect all of our staff to strive to live these values and place learners first. What you will do? The person appointed will play an instrumental role in this high performing department. You will be passionate about engaging learners in English and maths and extremely knowledgeable in your chosen discipline. You will also hold, be working towards, or be willing to work towards a relevant teaching or assessing qualification and English and/or maths specialism and be capable of delivering excellent training both on and off-the-job. What’s in it for you? 35 days annual leave plus statutory bank holidays Christmas closure days Automatic entry to the Local Government Pension Scheme Flexible working Annual staff celebration day Continuous professional development Free on-site parking Free use of the on-site gym  This is a permanent, full-time post and the starting salary will depend upon an individual’s level of experience. The College is positively committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children, young people and vulnerable adults who attend its education and training provision. All staff are expected to share this commitment. The person appointed will be required to obtain a satisfactory DBS Enhanced Disclosure. As an equal opportunities employer, the College welcomes applicants from all sections of the community.  Applications can be completed online, alternatively email HR@derwentside.ac.uk to request a pack. No Agencies. For an informal discussion regarding the role, please contact Lindsey Dart – Head of Faculty on (01207) 585927. Closing date for applications – Midnight Sunday 2nd June 2019 Interview date – Wednesday 19th June 2019   Click here for information on the College's privacy policy This job advert may close as soon as sufficient suitable applications have been received. If interested please apply for this post as soon as possible.   "	"Consett"	NA	"£27,744 a year"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"278"	278	"EVENT STEWARD"	" Proforce security & events Ltd have are currently recruiting for event stewards for music festivals, parades, location shoots, sporting events all over the UK, We are looking for people with good communication skills (this means being able to deal with client and public enquiries with a fluent understanding of the English language) able to deliver the highest standards of customer service with a polite and professional attitude. we are looking for professionals. We have built our reputation on employing quality over quantity and you will be part of a team of likeminded people whose welfare and opinions are respected. All security applicants must be 18+. All applicants will be expected to fill in and send back by email our application pack with supporting documents, you will also be expected to send in your job invoices confirming hours worked/event worked etc, we can provide a invoice template for anyone who does not have one and advice on anything else needed Job Type: Part-time Salary: £9.00 /hour "	"Sunderland "	"Part-time"	"£9 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"279"	279	"Labourer"	"Must be fully conversant with all aspects of the motor trade as this job involves the removing and refitting of all body parts. Also helping others around the workshop, able to Mig weld would be an advantage. Wage to be discussed, depending on experience."	"Blaydon-On-Tyne "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.7210501	54.9637822
"280"	280	"Cleaning Operative"	" We are looking for a dedicated, committed, Mobile Cleaner to work in Newcastle and surrounding areas!! Hours of work will be 30 hrs plus per week 6 days out of 7. Must be extremely flexible as days/times will vary. Must be a hard working individual who can work well within a team, you will be be working closely with a Mobile team of Area Managers, Area Supervisors and Area Cleaners. Full clean driving licence is essential. Immediate start available. Previous cleaning experience is preferred, but full training will be provided. Duties will include: vacuuming, dusting, mopping of floors, cleaning toilets and other related tasks. Cleaning communal walk ways, kitchens, lounge areas. Company Van Provided With Company Fuel Card Starting Salary £9.00 Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.00 /hour Experience: Cleaning: 2 years (Required)Licence: driving license (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£9 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"281"	281	"Customer Service Advisor (Full-time)"	" We are looking to recruit a Customer Service Advisor with excellent communication skills to join our prestigious client based in Durham. Our client is a multi service provider, working through public and private sectors within the service industry and looking for an experienced Customer Service Advisor to join their team. Working Monday to Friday 8am to 4:30pm with unpaid 30 minute lunch, the role will be to provide excellent customer care experience over the phone and other media, through timely issue resolution and problem prevention to enquirers and complaints. Deliver input to VOC process based on dialogue with customers and contribute with ideas on how to improve CS operations. Key Responsibilities Ensure the company’s vision, values and policies and procedures are adhered to at all times Ensure that the company operates in line with all legal requirements including health and safety along with data protection requirement at all times Manage and follow up on all customer queries, questions or complaint’s Inform customer’s of new products / services Direct sales Manage portfolio of key clients Work as a team with all service personnel to exceed targets which can result in bonus Work to KPI targets Raise invoice’s and credit notes Knowledge and Skills Fluent in English – read, write and speak Excellent customer service mind set Excellent communication skills Strong IT skills and understand Excel Ability to multi task and work under pressure Driven, motivated and be able to work in a strong team environment This an excellent and exciting opportunity to become part of global company, this role is a permanent position. All successful candidates will be contacted for the next stage of the process. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £18,250.00 /year Experience: call center: 1 year (Preferred) Customer Service: 2 years (Preferred) Education: A-Level or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Durham, Durham (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	"£18,250 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"282"	282	"Safeguarding and Family Liaison Officer"	" Role: Safeguarding and Family Liaison Officer Contract Type: Fixed Term – 1 Year wef 1st September 2019 to 31st August 2020 Working Pattern: Part Time - 22.5 hours – Term Time only + Inset Days Advert Start Date: 20th May 2019 Required from: 1st September 2019 Salary: Grade 6 / 7 – Point 18-25 £24,313 to £28,785 Pro-rata - Depending on experience  We are looking for an exceptional individual to join our team in the role of Safeguarding and Family Liaison Officer to support our children and their families.  Working across the school with staff, families and children to overcome barriers, you will help to ensure that all children are able to attend school and achieve their full potential.  As part of this role you will act as the designated safeguarding lead (DSL) and assume responsibility for ensuring compliance with national statutory regulations, governing child welfare and safeguarding in schools. We require an organised professional who has: Good interpersonal skills and an ability to remain calm even when under pressure. Experience of delivering family support Good standards of English, numeracy and competency with ICT Ability to liaise with parents and professionals offering support and challenge as appropriate Ability to work using your own initiative at a highly professional level Secure knowledge of safeguarding procedures The willingness to be part of highly performing team  We welcome and encourage informal discussion and a visit to the school before applying.  For a full job description and application form, visit our website. Please also see Supporting Documents to download an application pack form this page.  Please note CV applications will not be accepted. Closing date for applications: Monday 3rd June 2019 (by 12 noon) Shortlisting: W/c 10th June 2019 Interviews: W/c 24th June 2019  Ryhope Infant School Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to be fully committed to our safeguarding policies and procedures, in accordance with Sunderland Local Safeguarding Board Procedures.  Pre-employment checks and references will be sought and the successful candidate will need to undertake an enhanced DBS check."	"Sunderland "	"Temporary"	"£12,774 - £15,123 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"283"	283	"Sales Assistant (Days/Nights)"	" Job Title:  Sales Assistant Job Purpose To be responsible for providing good customer service by being proficient at the Checkout and dealing with all customer requests as effectively as possible. Reports to:  Site Manager (Assistant Manager / Supervisor in absence of Site Manager) Key Accountabilities  CUSTOMER SERVICE  Provide polite and efficient customer service at all times SALES  Be proficient in all sales activities e.g. operation of till, lottery and Pay Point terminals, Post Office Local counter, handling credit / debit card sales etc. Be accountable for own till result Demonstrate a good knowledge of current sales promotions STOCK  Carry out stock rotation, date checks and replenishment in accordance with Company procedure and instructions from management Participate in weekly and / or quarterly stock takes SECURITY  Adhere to all Company security procedures COMMUNICATION Inform a member of management of any problems, customer queries etc. which require attention STORE MAINTENANCE / HYGEINE  Maintain good standards of housekeeping within the store Carry out routine cleaning in accordance with instructions from management CONDUCT / APPEARANCE Wear Company uniform in order to maintain a smart appearance TRAINING Undertake training courses or on the job training as and when required by the Company HEALTH & SAFETY Adhere to all Health & Safety procedures and regulations LEGAL REQUIREMENTS  Adhere to all legal requirements regarding the sale of age restricted products, petroleum, Post Office products etc. Please note that the list of duties included in this job description is not exhaustive, duties may alter in nature occasionally and from time to time you may be asked to carry out other reasonable duties. ************************************************************************************************************ Job Applicant Privacy Notice Data controller: Penny Petroleum, Old Station House, Powburn, Alnwick, Northumberland, NE66 4HU As part of any recruitment process, we collect and process personal data relating to job applicants. We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use that data and to meeting our data protection obligations. What information do we collect? We collect a range of information about you. This includes:  your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number; details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history; information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements; whether or not you have a disability for which we need to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process; information about your entitlement to work in the UK; and information about criminal convictions. We collect this information from application forms and CVs, and during the interview process. If you are offered employment we will obtain information regarding your eligibility to work in the UK from your passport or other identity documents. If we offer you employment, we will also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers and information from criminal records checks which are required if you will be a Personal License holder or if you will work on a Post Office counter. We will seek information from third parties only once a job offer to you has been made and will inform you that we are doing so. Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email). Why do we process personal data? We need it to take steps at your request in order to enter into a contract with you, because by applying for a job with us you are effectively asking us to enter into a contract with you. We need it to comply with a legal obligation e.g. the obligation not to discriminate during our recruitment process, or the obligation not to employ someone who does not have the legal right to work in the UK. We have a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from job applicants allows us to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate's suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. We may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims. Where we process other special categories of data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health or religion or belief, this is for equal opportunities monitoring purposes. For roles in stores which have a Post Office counter or where you are expected to hold a Personal License for the sale of alcohol, we are obliged to seek information about criminal convictions and offences. Where we seek this information, we do so because it is necessary for us to carry out our legal obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment. Who has access to your data? Your information will be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. This includes interviewers involved in the recruitment process, our external HR Consultant, managers in the business area with a vacancy and IT staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles. We will not share your data with anyone else, unless your application for employment is successful and we make you an offer of employment. We will then share your data with former employers to obtain references for you, and Post Office Ltd / Licensing Matters to obtain necessary criminal records checks. We will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area. How do we protect data? We take the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties. How long will we keep your data? We will keep your personal data throughout the recruitment process. If your application is successful, when you start work for us you will be issued with an Employee Privacy Notice which will include information about what personal data we keep from the recruitment process and how long we keep your personal data whilst you are working for us and after you have left. If your application is unsuccessful, we will keep your personal data for up to 12 months from the date we notify you of our decision. Your rights As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:  access and obtain a copy of your data on request; require us to change incorrect or incomplete data; require us to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; object to the processing of your data where we are relying on our legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing; and ask us to stop processing data for a period if data is inaccurate or there is a dispute about whether or not your interests override our legitimate grounds for processing data. You can make a subject access request by writing to us at the address on this privacy notice. If you believe that we have not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner. What if you do not provide personal data? You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to us during the recruitment process. However, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to process your application properly or at all. You are under no obligation to provide information for equal opportunities monitoring purposes and there are no consequences for your application if you choose not to provide such information. Automated decision-making Recruitment processes are not based solely on automated decision-making. Job Type: Part-time Experience: Nights: 1 year (Preferred) Retail: 1 year (Preferred) Petrol: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Gateshead NE10 (Preferred)"	"Gateshead "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"284"	284	"Domestic Assistant"	"   Job Reference ID: SNL/605/051575 Home Name: Dene GrangeLocation: Hexham, Northumberland, UK Weekly Hours: 16Salary: 8.22 per hour Posting Expiry Date: 20/07/2019  In your role as a Domestic Assistant you will be responsible for ensuring a clean safe environment is provided for our residents, visitors and staff. You will be an important part of the team that ensures residents in our care feel valued as individuals. So as a Domestic Assistant what do you need to do to make this happen?Ensure that you carry out all your duties to a high standard ensuring we provide a hotel standard of cleanliness for our residents Develop a positive relationship with all residents, staff and other visitors to the home by becoming an integral part of the team Encourage residents to assist you and your team with daily work activity, helping them to their independence and sense of worth Work safely within company policies, seeking advice and guidance when necessary     JOB REQUIREMENTS In order to be our Domestic Assistant you should have: A caring nature and a positive attitude, showing a desire to deliver the best possible service to the residents in our care. Four Seasons Health Care provide a variety of competitive benefits, including a generous holiday allowance, a bespoke development programme, childcare vouchers and an employee discount scheme. Plus free parking and uniform where applicable. If you have the skills to succeed in this role and are committed to the provision of quality care please click on Apply now.  "	"Hexham"	"Part-time"	NA	-2.1017927	54.971478
"285"	285	"Food Preparation"	" Prep chef required for a busy food preparation unit in Hobson Burnopfield. Must have good quick Knife skills and have the ability to use own initiative we needed. High standards of personal hygiene are required. Level 2 food hygiene is requirement. We are a small family run business who value our staff, rate of pay will depend on experience and skills. The working hours require an early start between 3.30am and 4.30am so ideally candidate will have own transport. Job Type: Full-time "	"Burnopfield"	NA	NA	-1.7288018	54.9060459
"286"	286	"Front of House Host - Reception"	"   We are looking for a self-motivated, enthusiastic person to assist the Customer Operations Manager in promoting and welcoming visitors to Life Science Centre. Primarily working in the science centre reception and gift shop, you will be the first point of contact for visitors to the centre and help to ensure their experience is exciting, entertaining, interesting and fun.  Key tasks will be selling tickets and memberships, and dealing with any customer queries in a friendly and helpful manner. Successful candidates will have excellent customer service skills, working knowledge of computers and a pleasant manner.  Flexibility is essential as the centre is a seven day a week business and shifts will vary including work during school holidays.  Please note successful applicants will be subject to a satisfactory DBS disclosure check. Details of our DBS policy are available on request.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£5.73 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"287"	287	"DBS182/19 Football Academy Lead Coach - Monkseaton High School"	"We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic, self-motivated and flexible individual, to be responsible for the overall strategic and operational management of the Post 16 Football Academy based here at the school. This is an exciting opportunity to join our team of staff in an outstanding school.  The successful candidate will need outstanding interpersonal skills and will work closely with students and their parents, and the Senior Leadership Team, to maintain and further develop the nationally acclaimed reputation that the school’s Football Academy has built up over the last 10 years. You will also work closely with the Head of Sixth Form and Sixth Form Pastoral and Teaching staff to support football students in achieving their very best academically, as well as on the football field. In addition, the successful candidate will need to currently hold a minimum of a UEFA B Coaching License. Additional FA Youth Module qualifications would also be desirable, along with relevant previous experience of working with players in the 16-19 age range. This is a full time 52/52 week contract.  Application forms and further details are available on our website www.monkseaton.org.uk  Please ensure you provide a covering letter or your application may not be considered. CV’s will not be accepted.  Completed forms should be submitted direct to the school by 10am Friday 24th May 2019 email to: recruitment@monkseaton.org.uk or by post to Simon Peel, School Business Manager, Monkseaton High School, Seatonville Road, Monkseaton NE25 9EQ  Monkseaton High School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. As such an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant employment checks deemed appropriate."	"North Tyneside"	"Permanent"	"£24,799 - £26,317 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"288"	288	"Customer Service Assistant"	"  Full Time – 40hrs  Can you deliver happiness? Do you have the ability to provide a memorable customer experience every time?    As a Customer Service Assistant, you will have a passion and love for customers and get a buzz from providing a great customer experience, so recent/current experience within a customer service role would be helpful, either from hospitality, retail or contact centre type environments.  It would be great if you had a passion for the automotive industry or just an interest in cars, from how great they look to what’s under the bonnet – we don’t mind!  To be a Customer Service Assistant it is essential that you hold a full UK drivers’ licence.  What does the role of Customer Service Assistant involve?  Be the first contact for our customers in their car buying experience Fully understanding the customer needs to ensure they purchase the right car for them Confidently speak to our customers about the cars available, talking them through the features and benefits of each car Take customers on test drives, demonstrating key features and functions Talk the customers through all none GI products Keep the used car display and showroom fully presentable at all times What do you need to succeed as a Customer Service Assistant? Be a confident and competent driver Have a genuine interest in gathering and understanding customers’ needs Background in customer service, sales and an interest in the automotive industry Be a real people person with a passion to exceed expectations, with the drive to progress your career in the automotive industry We offer fantastic development programmes for all team members who are committed and want to progress and fast track their career within an exciting and fast-paced industry. Alongside that, we have fantastic benefits including a wide variety of discounts.  This is a great place to realise your potential and unlock you career, hit the apply button and join us today!  "	"Wallsend "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"289"	289	"Conference & Events Co-ordinator"	"  Job Ref: CG2639   Branch: Holiday Inn Jesmond   Location: Holiday Inn Jesmond, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: National Minimum Wage plus benefits   Contract type: Permanent   Hours: Full Time   Hours per week: 30 - 40   Posted date: 15/05/2019   Closing date: 17/06/2019  At Cairn Group we’re ambitious. With a varied and extensive UK portfolio of hotels, bars and restaurants in our portfolio, we’re focused on continual growth and are in it for the long haul. We are a family owned business with family values at our core, with a growing team and sites UK wide.  About the role…  As Conference and Events Coordinator, you will receive enquiries and take the appropriate follow up action necessary to convert to a confirmed booking. You’ll create be-spoke packages where required, acting as a personal contact for your clients, whilst delivering first class customer service to ensure their every expectation is met. Once your booking is confirmed, you will ensure all fine details are listed on a function sheet to effectively communicate to all relevant departments to ensure your clients function runs smoothly.  You’ll also be involved in the creation of future brochures, packages and promotions, maximise the opportunities to ensure repeat bookings, and assist the Sales Manager in following up on sales leads.  Other duties will include enhancing public awareness of the venue through facebook, twitter and mail shots, supporting in the development of marketing materials with our marketing team, conduct internet and market research on our competitor offerings, and provide support for other team members within your department.  About you...  This is truly a great opportunity for a forward thinking, pro-active individual to assist with the hotels future development. You will have previous experience coordinating events / conferences / banqueting, from enquiry stage to final details, be a team player and have an excellent command of the English language. Customer service is paramount for our venue, so a friendly, personable and customer focused approach is essential  Holiday Inn Newcastle-Jesmond is a 116 bed modern hotel. You can also enjoy a delicious meal at either the Fratello’s Italian Restaurant or the Zio Bar & Grill, or some refreshing drinks at the Terrace Bar. All three locations give you a taste of affluent Jesmond.  Benefits: IHG Staff Rate Scheme IHG Friends & Family Rate IHG Brand Training Discounted Meals whilst on shift Cairn Group Staff Discount Scheme Retail and travel discounts Recruit a friend Scheme Induction and training programme Star of the Month & Golden Ticket Award Pension scheme Cairn Academy' Training & Development Opportunities Uniform Cycle 2 work scheme* (* Applies to positions above minimum wage) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"290"	290	"Casual Cafe Assistant"	" We are looking for a motivated and hard-working Casual Cafe Assistant to join our team at Thought Foundation, Birtley, Gateshead. Hours of work are casual, mostly working evenings and weekends. The role will involve making coffees, providing the best quality service to our customers, general cleaning duties, serving customers, cash handling, keeping the cafe clean and tidy. Previous experience within a cafe environment preferred, but not essential as all training will be provided. Job Type: Temporary "	"Birtley"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5795659	54.8985648
"291"	291	"Dealer Principal"	" Dealer PrincipalOTE £80,000 plus Car & Benefits Northumberland Our client is a leading North East volume dealer group who are looking for a dynamic and focused Dealer Principal to run one of their many sites in the Northumberland areas. The successful candidate will be an established Branch Manager able to maximise volume sales and oversee the aftersales operations. Operating the smooth running of the site with success and achieving targets set.Managing the manufacturers expectations and all staff management, recruitment and appraisal. The package will be tailored to the successful applicant and we are welcoming strong Sales Manager's ready for their next step on the career ladder. For further detail please send in your cv and interest, one of our consultants will then contact you for further insight. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £75,000.00 to £80,000.00 /year "	"Ashington"	NA	"£75,000 - £80,000 a year"	-1.5708473	55.182294
"292"	292	"Club Lounge Host"	"  Job Ref: INT4876   Branch: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter   Location: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: Competitive Salary   Contract type: Permanent   Hours: Part Time   Shift pattern: 6AM-11AM or 5PM-9PM   Hours per week: 20   Posted date: 16/05/2019   Closing date: 05/06/2019  Looking for a company where you can develop, are encouraged to provide impressive customer service (both internally and externally), show you care, be empowered to WOW!  We currently have an opportunity for a Club Lounge Host to join our friendly and approachable team.  What are we looking for?  As a Club Lounge Host you will play a key part in delivering prompt exceptional customer service to our internal guests in order that the most professional and caring image is portrayed at all times.Your duties will include: Assist in co-ordinating the daily activities in the Club Lounge to provide fast and courteous service to guests. To deliver 5 star service to our IHG Club Members and guests. Setting up and serving food and beverage. Greets and welcomes guests and escorts them to tables and offers menus. Deals with complaints and or feedback from guests in conjunction with the immediate Supervisor. Payment handling and cashing up, shift closing procedures, to verify sales and clear cash register Support the collection of comment cards to build restaurant database / driving trip advisor feedback. May take beverage orders and expedite Food orders, including Room Service and Meeting room / help drive upselling program Ensure the maintenance of Club Lounge cleanliness standards. Actively contributes to monthly departmental meetings with a focus on guest service, driving sale The Skills and Experience you need to thrive in this role  A minimum of 12 months experience in a similar level of role.  Able to work alone and as part of a team.   How do we Reward you?  Great rewards are aligned to joining our portfolio, not only do Interstate offer great discounts for Staff, Friends & Family within all their UK hotels, but you also get to experience your own brand benefits, World Wide!!! Plus we have a very successful Training Academy that awaits you, to support your development and career across all brands.   So....  So if you have a great personality, are results driven, and can be a valued team member, especially during pressured times, then we want to hear from you!  What's your passion? Whether you're into swimming, travelling or reading at Crowne Plaza we're interested in YOU. We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"293"	293	"Assistant Community and Events Fundraiser"	"     Assistant Community and Events Fundraiser 22.5 hpw12 months fixed termPay Scale 3 £17,118 (min) to £19,414 (max)(pro rata)  REF: ACEF0519  This is an exciting opportunity to for an enthusiastic individual with strong team working and administration skills to join the community and events fundraising team. We are looking for someone with great interpersonal and planning skills to manage a large cohort of volunteers, from coordinating existing supporters, to establishing a network of volunteers regionally to help the Development team to meet its strategic objectives.  About us: St Cuthbert’s Hospice provides holistic care for patients with life limiting illnesses. We are highly regarded for our quality of service and the first Adult Hospice in the country to be graded “outstanding” by the Care Quality Commission. Our 11 bedded palliative care In Patient Unit provides individualised care planned to support the total wellbeing of each person, taking into account their physical, psychological, social and spiritual needs. Our Living Well Centre delivers a 12 week programme offering advice and strategies to enable people with life limiting illnesses cope better with their health and wellbeing and support them to regain control of their life. We value the contribution of all our workforce comprising of over 90 staff and 395 volunteers. We are an equal opportunities employer and believe in treating everyone with dignity and respect, encouraging applications from all sectors of the community.Our Values: Compassionate, Respect, Integrity, Professionalism, Choice, Reputation. These define who we are and guide what we do to ensure the highest quality care for those accessing our services and the highest quality experience for staff working here. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of adults at risk and children.  Why work for us: We are committed to making St Cuthbert’s Hospice a great place to work supporting the provision of excellent services for the people of Durham. This has been demonstrated through winning a National HR Management Award (Charity Times), the 2016 Improving Impact Category for Governance, a local Employer of the Year award and Better Health at Work Gold standard in 2018.  100% of our volunteers who participated in our 2017 survey would recommend the Hospice as a care provider and 99% feel appreciated and valued. In our staff survey of 2018, 100% of respondents would recommend us as a care provider and more staff than ever feel their role makes a difference and are able to deliver the patient care/customer service they aspire to.  We want you to love coming to work, 92% of respondents told us they do and 98% told us the training, learning and development has helped them deliver a better patient/customer service. If you are ready for an exciting opportunity that will not only impact on patient care but will be motivating and rewarding on a personal level this could be the post for you.  For an informal discussion about this post please contact:Jade McArdle, Senior Community & Events Fundraiser on 0191 3861170   Closing date for applications: Friday 31st May 2019 Interviews: Tuesday 13th June 2019 If you have not heard from us by Friday 7th June 2019 please assume you have not been shortlisted. Please note: we do not accept CVs  This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.    Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"294"	294	"Client Relations Administration Assistant"	" Start Date:  ASAP Review Date: 24th October Hours: 37-full time Transport: Car owner beneficial Hourly Pay: £9.77 + holiday pay Applicants:  Ideally you will have solid experience of working in local authority social care department, or office based customer service environment. Duties and key result areas:  Undertaken individually or as part of a team, these are examples of some of the duties that may be carried out by the postholder. The actual duties may vary depending on the requirements of the role. Assist the Data Protection Subject Access Request Officer with the receipt, processing and completion of Subject Access Requests with statutory framework (DPA/GDPR). Assist the Client Relations Team Managers and staff with the receipt and processing of formal complaints from service users or their representatives in relation to Adult Social Care, Children’s Social Care and Education Services in line with corporate and statutory complaint frameworks. Answering a public facing customer complaints telephone service, taking queries/complaints and recording them accordingly. Assist internal customers/colleagues with guidance/advice on statutory procedures. Arrange and attend meetings with members of the public or internal officers. Monitor and respond to public and internal email contacts. Perform general office duties including data inputting, photocopying, filing, etc. Process invoices for payment Dealing with incoming and outgoing post in accordance with established procedures. Maintain information systems such as filing, client or asset records, booking systems and distribute information as directed ensuring accuracy and confidentiality. Any other duties appropriate to the nature, level and grade of the post. The duties and responsibilities highlighted in this Job Description are indicative and may vary over time. Post holders are expected to undertake other duties and responsibilities relevant to the nature, level and extent of the post and the grade has been established on this basis. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.77 to £10.98 /hour Experience: administrative assistant: 2 years (Preferred) Customer Relations: 2 years (Preferred) Education: A-Level or equivalent (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Flexitime"	"Morpeth"	"Temporary"	"£9.77 - £10.98 an hour"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"295"	295	"Client Relations Administrator"	" Client Relations Administrator Location: Northumberland, NE61 Pay Rate: £9.77ph Contract: Temporary Start Date: Immediately Hours: TBC Compliance: 5 GCSE's graded A-C (Will need copies of certificates) Job Description:  Assist the Data Protection Subject Access Request Officer with the receipt, processing and completion of Subject Access Requests with statutory framework (DPA/GDPR). Assist the Client Relations Team Managers and staff with the receipt and processing of formal complaints from service users or their representatives in relation to Adult Social Care, Children’s Social Care and Education Services in line with corporate and statutory complaint frameworks. Answering a public facing customer complaints telephone service, taking queries/complaints and recording them accordingly. Assist internal customers/colleagues with guidance/advice on statutory procedures. Arrange and attend meetings with members of the public or internal officers. Monitor and respond to public and internal email contacts. Perform general office duties including data inputting, photocopying, filing, etc. Process invoices for payment Dealing with incoming and outgoing post in accordance with established procedures. Maintain information systems such as filing, client or asset records, booking systems and distribute information as directed ensuring accuracy and confidentiality. Any other duties appropriate to the nature, level and grade of the post. To apply, please send in your CV. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.70 to £9.77 /hour Experience: Administration: 3 years (Preferred)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Morpeth NE61 (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Morpeth "	"Temporary"	"£9.70 - £9.77 an hour"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"296"	296	"Sheet Metal Apprenticeship"	"The role will allow the apprentice to learn and develop skills within fabricating activities. Some of the duties included in this role are: Operating Press brake & Punch Press Operate Guillotine Welding Working with various hand and power tools Ensuring orders are produced on time Working to Health and Safety rules and regulations Requirements and prospects Desired skills Motivated Willingness to learn A positive attitude Personal qualities Good timekeeping the ability to take on board information in a variety of formats and able to communicate effectively with colleagues and team leaders Have a proven interest in the working environment and want an apprenticeship Desired qualifications The candidate must have at least 5 GCSEs at grade C/4 or above (including maths & English Language) The ideal candidate must have a Level 2 qualification in Performing Engineering Operations (PEO) and/or Level 2 Diploma in Advanced Manufacturing Engineering and be available to start with the employer as soon as possible Future prospects As a Tyne North Training apprentice you will benefit from our unique funding packages. This apprenticeship will lead to a bespoke, unique skill Things to consider A candidate’s successful application will lead to an aptitude test and interview with Tyne North Training and the possibility of an interview with the prospective employer For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"297"	297	"Graphic Designer"	" Job Description We are recruiting for an experienced in-house Graphic Designer to join our team Your Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  Creating and editing all visual content Design for digital and print Adhering to strict branding guidelines along with creating new branding designs Email marketing campaigns Updating the website with banners, products and downloads Creating visual collateral for sales presenters (both printed and digital) Packaging design with the possibility of some product design Designing all printed materials such as brochures, flyers, stationary Photographing products and editing images Organising data and image libraries Liaising with various printing companies Answering calls - speaking with customers Some other general office duties Skills needed:  Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design or equivalent At least 2 years in-house or agency Graphic Design experience Creative and self-motivated with a can-do attitude Creating print ready files (preferably with the knowledge of different stocks and printing processes). Ability to prioritise work load and work on multiple projects at one time Excellent presentation skills and strong attention to detail Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite (Mainly Photoshop /Illustrator/ InDesign/ Acrobat) Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook Photography and cleaning images Mailchimp Email Marketing Ability to work off of own initiative and as part of a team Strong communication skills inbound and outbound telesales calls and provide support to the sales team Capability of learning new software quickly Knowledge of building websites from scratch would be an advantage Salary dependent on experience To apply please email a CV along with a covering letter and a few portfolio examples Job Type: Full-time Application QuestionsYou have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: How many years of Adobe Creative Suite experience do you have? How many years of Graphic design experience do you have? Job Type: Full-time Experience: web design: 1 year (Preferred) Graphic design: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"298"	298	"Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer - Newcastle"	" Role Title: Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer - Newcastle Type: Permanent Full-Time Salary: £100 to £150 pa Job Ref: SA3020 Division: Employability Job Function: WBL Trainer  Web Summary:  Intro: S Knights Recruitment are a specialist Employability & Skills Recruitment Agency. We recruit for Colleges and Training Providers across the UK.  Role and Responsibilities: The Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer you will delivering on AEB funded courses As the Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer you will embed functional skills in to the course as well as entry level knowledge of the energy industry The Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer will deliver on courses that last typically 2 weeks Key to the role of the Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer will be ensuring the learners and engaged and motivated to keep them retained until completion of the course The Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer will ensure all the work books are completed in a timely and accurate manner to ensure the client is able to draw down the relevant funding  Experience and Skills: Ideally you will be a qualified Trainer holding either the DTTLS, CTTLS, PTTLS, TAQA, CAVA, PCGE or CertED You will have delivered on AEB courses before ideally in Employability You will have some form of understanding, knowledge or background in Energy Based in or commutable to Newcastle  Apply below or to find out more information about the Freelance Employability and Energy Trainer - Newcastle job, contact Sak Awan on sak.awan@s-knights.co.uk or call xxx xxxx xxxx quoting the reference SA3020 "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	"£100 - £120 a day"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"299"	299	"Functional Skills English/Vocational Tutor"	" Monday-Friday 35 hours per week (Term time only) Well established alternative education learning centre seeks motivated and experienced functional skills English and vocational tutor to strengthen its team. You will assist the Lead Tutor in the delivery of qualification based programmes using Sport, Creative, Mechanics, or Care (dependant on your specialism and skills) as the tool of engagement. Working with young people aged 13 - 16 years you will be able to motivate and inspire whilst maintaining good levels of discipline and promoting social responsibility. Using a variety of teaching methods, ensuring qualification units are delivered taking into account a range of learning styles, you will be able deliver informative, enjoyable, safe and inclusive lessons. This post is subject to an Enhanced DBS check. A comprehensive screening process will be undertaken on successful applicants. You will also be required to complete a number of mandatory training courses applicable to this role. Both CV and application form (https://tinyurl.com/y9o9nfsf) must be completed for this post. Applicants for this post are subject to Educ8’s privacy notice for job applicants available from educ8group.com/recruitment. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £15,120.00 to £21,606.48 /year Experience: childcare: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newbiggin-by-the-Sea "	NA	"£15,120 - £21,606 a year"	-1.5109345	55.1853665
"300"	300	"Drug and Alcohol Support Worker"	" RESPONSIBLE TO: Team Leader RESPONSIBLE FOR: Support service to clients who are homeless, vulnerable or disadvantaged. OUR CLIENT: Our client has an excellent and validated track record of providing high quality outcomes focused support services to a wide range of client groups across the North East. These include people with mental health, alcohol or drug issues, a history of offending, people with learning, physical or sensory impairments and long term conditions, younger or older people with support needs, teenage parents or people at risk of domestic abuse or homelessness. We are currently working with a well-known supported accommodation provider based in Sunderland and are actively recruiting to a temporary Homeless Support Worker position to start on as soon as possible. MAIN PURPOSE OF THE JOB: Working as a Homeless Support Worker can be one of the more challenging roles in the social sector, but also one of the most interesting and rewarding. The role will involve working within a hostel setting on a rota basis, supporting young clients aged 16-24 years. The success full applicant must have previous working experience with young people along with an Enhanced CRB/DBS check no older than 12 months old. DAILY DUTIES: This role requires flexibility along with enthusiastic, self-motivated and creative individuals. You need the ability to work on your own initiative in a busy and dynamic role as well as a being a Positive Team Player. This role is for a passionate individual who believes they can make a difference to individuals. Duties may include the following: Managing a caseload of clients Providing support to clients within a hostelCarrying out risk assessmentsCreating/updating support plansKey working sessionsProviding support in seeking employment/further education PERSON SPECIFICATION: Strong people skills are a requirement for almost any job in the social sector but as a Homeless Support Worker these skills will be really tested. A support worker will meet lots of different people regular, so being able to communicate effectively with people from all walks of life is vital. Previous experience working in a similar service based or community. It would be beneficial if candidate has previous experience working with various electronic record systems. If you are interested in this position, please contact Aisha Kalimba at Pin-Point on 0191 2615205/07743483005 Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.50 /hour Experience: supporting individuals with drug and alcohol additctions: 1 year (Preferred)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)Licence: driving licence (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 - £9.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"301"	301	"3572 Business Admin Apprentice - 8 posts"	" Business Administration Apprenticeships: 8 vacancies  Apply now to join North Tyneside Council’s Apprenticeship Academy.  The work going on behind the scenes of North Tyneside Council is broad and varied, therefore many of our apprenticeship opportunities are in business administration. This will be the sixth year we have identified more opportunities in business administration due to the success of previous apprentices who are now employed.  A business administration apprentice will carry out general office tasks such as creating documents, arranging meetings, sending emails, and handling telephone calls. Each of our admin posts is based with a different team in the council each with their own distinct function. Some will be based at the Council’s headquarters on Cobalt Business Park while others will work from different locations in the borough.  Each of our apprentices is fully supported by the team around them with a named mentor and manager. As an apprentice with North Tyneside Council, you will learn skills, gain experience and knowledge and achieve a recognised qualification. Our admin vacancies are in the following teams: Bereavement Services  Based at Preston Cemetery in North Shields. The Bereavement Services team support families at a very sad time. We manage seven cemeteries, two crematoriums and six closed church yards. You would be part of a small team ensuring all administration aspects of the service are met. You will receive training on Council systems including the bespoke funeral booking system Epilog. The role will also involve dealing with telephone enquiries and reception duties involving Funeral Directors, Clergy, Stonemasons and members of the public.  Community Wellbeing Team  Working across the borough but based at Whitley Bay Customer First Centre The Community Wellbeing Teams support people by doing assessments, giving advice and offering support to enable people aged 16+ to live safely in their community. You will be part of a small admin team supporting social care staff and the management team. Your role will focus on providing an administrative support service to include: data entry into the Adult Social Care Liquid logic System (LAS), answering the phone, dealing with face to face enquiries at the reception counter, carrying out general admin duties, such as post, scanning, filing and photocopying.  Chief Executive’s Office  Based at the Council Headquarters, Cobalt Business Park Working as an apprentice in the Chief Executive’s Office you will focus on providing an administrative support service, working alongside the 2 Personal Assistants (PAs) who provide professional, secretarial and administrative support to the Chief Executive. This will involve dealing with correspondence and diaries, meeting and greeting visitors, handling telephone calls and carrying out a range of admin tasks. In addition there will be an opportunity to work with a number of other Personal Assistants who provide support to the Council’s Senior Leadership Team.  People Based Commissioning  Based at the Council Headquarters, Cobalt Business Park This team works across education, health and social care to implement and monitor services for children, young people and adults. As an apprentice you will work closely with the commissioning team and other partner organisations to gain experience across the service. You will undertake a variety of administrative duties which may include; supporting the monitoring processes for adult and children’s social care, updating relevant websites for parents and providers and supporting financial processes.  Construction Service.  Three posts based at Killingworth The apprenticeships will be office based in one of the support departments within the Property, Housing & Construction Service, Harvey Combe, Killingworth, North Tyneside. You will focus on providing an administrative support service to include: data entry into the housing services bespoke Accuserv system, answering the phone, dealing with telephone calls both inward and outward bound and general admin duties, such as post, scanning, filing, maintaining records, organising meetings, maintaining systems and diaries and photocopying,  Strategy and Transformation  Based at the Council Headquarters, Cobalt Business Park The Strategy and Transformation team supports the Health, Education, Care and Safeguarding (HECS) directorate of the council to make improvements to adult’s and children’s social care. You will be based in a busy team providing administrative support on a number of exciting and challenging projects. This will involve arranging and attending meetings, preparing supports and presentations and developing and monitoring action plans. You will learn about project management, learn new IT systems and have an opportunity to work with senior managers across the service.  If you’re interested in being considered for our business admin apprenticeships then please complete one application form. Read the job descriptions and person specifications for each vacancy to see what we’re offering and what we’re looking for. Make sure you tell us why you think you are suited to an admin apprenticeship by matching yourself up against the essential and desirable criteria outlined in the person specification.  Please note we are unable to accept applications via a cv  What will happen next? Your application will be considered for all 8 admin posts. If shortlisted, you will be invited to the Council Head Quarters to meet managers, our training provider and current apprentices. You’ll find out more about each team and have the opportunity to express any preferences for any of the opportunities. This will be on the 26th June. On 17th July you’ll be invited back for basic skills tests in literacy and numeracy and an interview with 2 of the recruiting managers. If you’re offered an apprenticeship you will start on 2nd September this year.  For more information, contact Tina Adams on 07896138931 or Tina.Adams@northtyneside.gov.uk Or Jane Gray on 07896138931 or Jane.Gray@northtyneside.gov.uk  North Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.  In addition, staff and volunteers are expected to familiarise themselves with all relevant policies, procedures and guidance in relation to safeguarding children and safe practice with vulnerable adults. Within North Tyneside, safeguarding is everybody’s business.  These posts are fixed term for 18 months."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£7,524 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"302"	302	"Support Service Worker Level 2"	" Directorate: Customer Support Services Service Area: Support Services Hours of Work: 17hrs per week, including weekend work (subject to a Rota) Status: Fixed Term Contract 6 Months Closes On: 27 May 2019 Anticipated Interview Date: 4 June 2019  Working in communities between Redcar and Newcastle, we provide services to meet the needs of vulnerable people to support you to make changes to improve the quality of your life.  We support a wide range of people who face challenges in their lives and provide services for homeless people, ex-offenders, people with mental health issues, people recovering from substance misuse, families, women and young people.  Thirteen people are deeply passionate about what they do and why they do it. We seek to employ people who share our ambition to think and work differently. This means sourcing those passionate individuals who ensure every relationship matters, are reliable, passionate and adaptable in their approach and can work progressively in a high performing, commercially minded environment.  The person  This position is based in a young parents scheme, providing supported accommodation for young families and single parents, as well as expectant mothers or couples aged 16-25 years.  The successful candidate must have the ability to work as part of a team to achieve the outcomes set out by the commissioning bodies, whilst also demonstrating a Team Thirteen approach to customer service delivery.  A minimum of NVQ level 2 or equivalent or demonstrable experience is a requirement of the job role. Good understanding of the Group’s business activities with particular regard to the Financial, People, IT, Governance, Health & Safety and Environmental and Equality & Diversity requirements.  Previous experience of working with and supporting vulnerable young adults and the ability to understand support plans, risk assessments, safeguarding policies and procedures are essential.  A driving licence and access to a vehicle is also essential.  Are you up for the challenge of bringing our vision to life?  For further information about the role please contact Emma Scott 07814283875 or Kendra Hunt 07583115940."	"Durham"	NA	"£19,788 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"303"	303	"Retail Forecourt Supervisor"	"   Who are Euro Garages?  If you haven’t already heard of us or visited one of our amazing stores, then here’s what you need to know about us… We are one of the UK’s fastest growing and most recognised forecourt operators and we are partnered with all of your well known favourite brands including Starbucks, KFC, Greggs, Subway and Burger King!  Our employees are at the heart of what we do and we owe our success to our fantastic teams, that’s why we need passionate, motivated and customer focused people like you to join our EG family! Put it this way, we started out with one petrol station in 2001 and have since acquired over 360 UK sites and now have a huge presence across Europe, US, Italy and Germany… so the progression opportunities are endless!  What will my role look like?  Our forecourts and convenience stores are the heart of our business… after all, this is where it all began! We owe our success to our employees and we are committed to providing excellent customer service, good value products and a wide range of facilities, and our customers have come to expect high standards from all of our forecourts and retail sites.  As a Retail Forecourt Supervisor you will work closely with the store manager to motivate the team, drive sales, and ensure our stores are well-merchandised and look fabulous! In this role you have the responsibility of leading, inspiring and coaching the team to exceed targets but you will also develop and train the team and ensure they have all of the tools they need to be amazing at what they do. Your most important duty is to ensure the team provides excellent customer service every time.  You will learn new skills from the store manager who will trust you to run shifts in their absence and let’s not forget about the progression opportunities as you will be considered for Senior Management roles when they arise! If you are passionate about customer service, can motivate individuals, like to engage with different people every day, feel like part of a family and have fun then this role is perfect for you!  What would my main responsibilities be?   Lead and motivate the team to achieve amazing results Provide a fantastic customer service experience Work closely with the store manager to drive sales and increase profitability Be happy, friendly, smile and have fun Ensure that our forecourts are well merchandised, stocked and look presentable and vibrant Do I have what it takes?  Of course you do! We are looking for energetic, motivated individuals who are passionate about customer service and have great leadership skills. Although previous team leader experience is desired, we will upskill you and ensure you trained to the highest standards. As long as you are customers focused, are flexible with working hours, can motivate and coach a team, aren’t afraid of hard work and thrive in a fun environment then you definitely have what it takes!  What’s in it for me?  Learning & Development - We are committed to helping you develop new skills to be the best version of you!  Competitive Hourly Rate & Contracted Hours – We offer competitive hourly rates above national minimum wage. We offer contracted hours so you will be guaranteed hours!  Our People - You will work alongside our amazing employees, have fun and be a part of our family  Recognition & Bonus Schemes – We know a hard worker when we see one! If you are our employee of the month, expect a reward! If your store performs well then you could be entitled to a well-deserved bonus!  Progression & Career Opportunities – We look to promote and progress our employees within the business and also have other high profile brands you could potentially move into… the opportunities really are endless with Euro Garages  Childcare Vouchers – We have a childcare voucher scheme in place to offer support to parents  Compassionate Leave – We care about our employees and offer 3 days paid compassionate leave  APPLY NOW and start your fantastic career as our Retail Forecourt Supervisor! We pride ourselves on training, development and progression so this application is just the start!  "	"Ashington "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5708473	55.182294
"304"	304	"Private hire driver"	"Private hire driver required , excellent opportunity to join a local company, we require the best drivers with the highest standards and offer great earning potential min £350 per week , uniform provided. Must have private hire license and DRB"	"Morpeth"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.686301	55.1717715
"305"	305	"Senior Team Member"	"   Join the family   We believe in growing together – as a united team and working towards the achievement of our vision which is to be a winning brand in the food-on-the-go market. Greggs is a much loved and trusted brand with a strong traditional bakery heritage. Our people are what makes our business successful. We aim to provide our people with a great place to work, where they feel valued by listening, developing and rewarding them.  Pay Rates   £8.78 per hour  Shift Pattern and Contracted Hours   Hours: 24 Shifts: Over 5 days, typically 5 hour shifts. The shop trades between the hours of 6:30am - 5:30pm and shift patterns can be discussed at interview Contract: Perm  Job Description   Greggs Shift Leaders or Senior Team Members (as the role is known internally) are at the heart of the team supporting with the management of the shop at key times of the day. You would be looking after the shop for a few hours a day, either at opening or closing time so your role is invaluable to your manager. When opening the shop you’ll be working with the team to ensure our much loved products are ready for our customers and the shop is set up to the highest standard. This is where your passion to deliver a fantastic shopping experience for our customers comes in. A close down shift means getting the shop ready for the next day; cleaning, stock counting and cashing up. You’ll have a natural flair for team work whilst enjoying a little extra responsibility. You’ll fit right into the Greggs family if you’re not afraid of hard work and enjoy some fun at work. Some supervisory experience always comes in handy although not essential. Everyone in our family values hard work, commitment and a flexible approach to working hours.  Skills   To be able to: Serve customers in a friendly, professional and efficient manner. Prepare a variety food items to the highest standards, in order to meet customer demand. Ensuring that all areas of the shop and food products are displayed in a clean, tidy and attractive manner. Seeking to maximise the sales and profitability of their store. Working collaboratively with their Shop Manager and other Team Members and providing managerial support to the shop management team.  Benefits   Our Greggs Employee Staff Discount Scheme is very generous, offering you up to 50% off our foodYour holiday entitlement starts with 21 days, in addition to bank holidays, which increases with service up to a maximum of 30 days after 25 years’ service. (Pro-rata for part time)After 6 months service you may be eligible for our profit share scheme where the company distributes 10% of its profits and allows you to share in the success of the businessYou will receive free life assurance after 1 years continuous service. This is a death in service benefit which provides a lump sum payment equal to one years’ salaryYou will automatically join our Greggs pension scheme which is a fantastic way to save for your retirement and allows you to benefit from employer contributions and tax advantagesOther benefits include:Share Save and Share Incentive Schemes Employee Assistance Programme Healthcare Plans Cycle to Work Scheme  Your Application   During the application process we'll keep in touch every step of the way. We know how big a decision it is for you to apply for a job. Once you do we'll work hard to keep you up to speed on how your application is progressing. With your help, we can make your application as quick and smooth as possible.   "	"Gateshead "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"306"	306	"Painter and Decorator"	" New build work. Applicants must have up to date CSCS card. All relevant PPE and tools. Time served Painters and Decorators only with new build experience. Job Type: Contract Salary: £12.50 to £15.25 /hour Experience: Painting And Decorating: 3 years (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Contract"	"£12.50 - £15.25 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"307"	307	"Nursing Assistant"	"    We are one of the country’s top performing NHS Foundation Trusts, looking after the wellbeing of around half a million people across Northumberland and North Tyneside – one of the largest geographical areas of any NHS Trust in England.  We deliver care from 11 acute sites including an emergency care hospital, general and community hospitals, an outpatient and diagnostic centre, an elderly care unit and an integrated health and social care facility.  We are rated ‘outstanding’ overall by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). We are one of the North East’s largest employers with 9,500 dedicated members of staff. We have a Council of Governors with 70 members, representing the public, staff and some of our external partners.  We invest heavily in staff to ensure that the best talent is attracted, developed, looked after, and retained in every area of the organisation. Staff satisfaction is high and our staff consistently rate us as one of the best places to work in the NHS.  We were one of the first NHS Trusts to receive foundation status, and have been a foundation trust for over a decade.  Candidates must read the entire ‘Applicants Guidance Notes’ before submitting any applications.  Please note that it is a requirement of this employer that all successful applicants pay for their own DBS certification if a DBS check is required for the post. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first monthly pay.      We are looking for a keen, highly motivated individual to work in our new 17 bedded community hospital in Haltwhistle.  The role involves working with a team of staff in the provision of high quality care for patients suffering from a variety of conditions.  The person we are looking for must have excellent communication skills.  For further details / informal visits contact:  Val Reynolds - Haltwhistle Hospital  01434 320225  Jacqueline Banks - Haltwhistle Hospital  01434 320225     At Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust, we believe that our staff are the foundation for all that we do. The Trust recognises its role in supporting the health and wellbeing of its staff and it taking positive action in this respect. We have a range of initiatives and support for staff including psychology and counselling, physiotherapy, physical activity opportunities and healthy food choices on site.  The Trust is completely smoke free from March 2018. We do not discriminate against people who smoke but we do require all staff to be smoke free whilst at work and we have a range of support in place to help and support staff with this.  After applying via NHS Jobs, your submitted application will be imported into our preferred Third party recruitment system. All subsequent information regarding your application will be generated from apps.trac.jobs. You will not be able to track the progress of your application or receive messages through the NHS Jobs website, and furthermore, that as an employer, we will not be able to respond to any e-mails sent to us via the NHS Jobs website. By applying for this post you are agreeing to Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust transferring the information contained in this application to its preferred applicant management system. If you are offered a job information will also be transferred into the national NHS Electronic Staff Records system.    Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. Tier 2 Certificate of Sponsorship Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the Resident Labour Market Test. The UK Visas and Immigration department requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UK Visas and Immigration website. From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement. Guidance can be found here Criminal Records Checks For Overseas Applicants   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Haltwhistle"	"Part-time"	NA	-2.4582171	54.9705304
"308"	308	"Rubber Duck"	" To apply for this vacancy please call Gabriella Conlan-Fernandes on 01913741772. Overview Rubber Duck required to work on a busy construction site in the Horsley area. Experience Required Must hold a valid CPCS Card and have relevant experience. This is a temporary position and Corepeople Recruitment Limited will be acting as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers to the hirer. By applying for this job you accept the T&Cs, Privacy Notice and Disclaimers which can be found at www.corepeople.com. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £15.00 to £16.00 /hour "	"Horsley"	"Temporary"	"£15 - £16 an hour"	150.7761111	-34.49
"309"	309	"Sales Assistant Petrol Station (Days/Nights)"	" Job Title:  Sales Assistant Job Purpose To be responsible for providing good customer service by being proficient at the Checkout and dealing with all customer requests as effectively as possible. Reports to:  Site Manager (Assistant Manager / Supervisor in absence of Site Manager) Key Accountabilities  CUSTOMER SERVICE  Provide polite and efficient customer service at all times SALES  Be proficient in all sales activities e.g. operation of till, lottery and Pay Point terminals, Post Office Local counter, handling credit / debit card sales etc. Be accountable for own till result Demonstrate a good knowledge of current sales promotions STOCK  Carry out stock rotation, date checks and replenishment in accordance with Company procedure and instructions from management Participate in weekly and / or quarterly stock takes SECURITY  Adhere to all Company security procedures COMMUNICATION Inform a member of management of any problems, customer queries etc. which require attention STORE MAINTENANCE / HYGEINE  Maintain good standards of housekeeping within the store Carry out routine cleaning in accordance with instructions from management CONDUCT / APPEARANCE Wear Company uniform in order to maintain a smart appearance TRAINING Undertake training courses or on the job training as and when required by the Company HEALTH & SAFETY Adhere to all Health & Safety procedures and regulations LEGAL REQUIREMENTS  Adhere to all legal requirements regarding the sale of age restricted products, petroleum, Post Office products etc. Please note that the list of duties included in this job description is not exhaustive, duties may alter in nature occasionally and from time to time you may be asked to carry out other reasonable duties. ************************************************************************************************************* Job Applicant Privacy Notice Data controller: Penny Petroleum, Old Station House, Powburn, Alnwick, Northumberland, NE66 4HU As part of any recruitment process, we collect and process personal data relating to job applicants. We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use that data and to meeting our data protection obligations. What information do we collect? We collect a range of information about you. This includes:  your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number; details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history; information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements; whether or not you have a disability for which we need to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process; information about your entitlement to work in the UK; and information about criminal convictions. We collect this information from application forms and CVs, and during the interview process. If you are offered employment we will obtain information regarding your eligibility to work in the UK from your passport or other identity documents. If we offer you employment, we will also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers and information from criminal records checks which are required if you will be a Personal License holder or if you will work on a Post Office counter. We will seek information from third parties only once a job offer to you has been made and will inform you that we are doing so. Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email). Why do we process personal data? We need it to take steps at your request in order to enter into a contract with you, because by applying for a job with us you are effectively asking us to enter into a contract with you. We need it to comply with a legal obligation e.g. the obligation not to discriminate during our recruitment process, or the obligation not to employ someone who does not have the legal right to work in the UK. We have a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from job applicants allows us to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate's suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. We may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims. Where we process other special categories of data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health or religion or belief, this is for equal opportunities monitoring purposes. For roles in stores which have a Post Office counter or where you are expected to hold a Personal License for the sale of alcohol, we are obliged to seek information about criminal convictions and offences. Where we seek this information, we do so because it is necessary for us to carry out our legal obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment. Who has access to your data? Your information will be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. This includes interviewers involved in the recruitment process, our external HR Consultant, managers in the business area with a vacancy and IT staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles. We will not share your data with anyone else, unless your application for employment is successful and we make you an offer of employment. We will then share your data with former employers to obtain references for you, and Post Office Ltd / Licensing Matters to obtain necessary criminal records checks. We will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area. How do we protect data? We take the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties. How long will we keep your data? We will keep your personal data throughout the recruitment process. If your application is successful, when you start work for us you will be issued with an Employee Privacy Notice which will include information about what personal data we keep from the recruitment process and how long we keep your personal data whilst you are working for us and after you have left. If your application is unsuccessful, we will keep your personal data for up to 12 months from the date we notify you of our decision. Your rights As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:  access and obtain a copy of your data on request; require us to change incorrect or incomplete data; require us to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; object to the processing of your data where we are relying on our legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing; and ask us to stop processing data for a period if data is inaccurate or there is a dispute about whether or not your interests override our legitimate grounds for processing data. You can make a subject access request by writing to us at the address on this privacy notice. If you believe that we have not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner. What if you do not provide personal data? You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to us during the recruitment process. However, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to process your application properly or at all. You are under no obligation to provide information for equal opportunities monitoring purposes and there are no consequences for your application if you choose not to provide such information. Automated decision-making Recruitment processes are not based solely on automated decision-making. Job Type: Part-time Experience: Nights: 1 year (Preferred) Retail: 1 year (Preferred) Petrol: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Stanley DH9 (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Stanley "	"Part-time"	NA	114.2159129	22.2143908
"310"	310	"Sales Assistant"	" Sales Assistant (customer service focused)  We are working with a sales company in Newcastle. After a successful start to summer they are looking to expand further with the help of additional self employed sales assistants. They are a customer orientated company, so customer service must always be at high standards, when being the face of their company and worldwide known brands. Benefits of a customer facing sales role:  Be part of a vibrant team Uncapped commission-only based earnings Support throughout initial service training Responsibilities of the role:  Working towards securing new business for the company in face to face sales environments such as residential or events Able to really understand customers needs and talk confidently to them about our clients award-winning products and services Have a passion for continuously delivering a superior customer experience Ideal requirements:  Previous experience of dealing with customers is preferred but not essential Reliable and dedicated Having the ability to perform a tailor made presentation in front of a number of members of the public confidently Demonstrate strong communication skills which will enable you to engage in effective conversations with customers & to build strong professional rapports If this self employed customer facing sales role is ticking boxes for you, then please apply and attach your CV and our client will be in touch to discuss next steps. Job Types: Full-time, Commission "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Commission"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"311"	311	"Process Technologist"	" James Horne is recruiting for a Process Technologist to join a leading supplier of pharmaceutical packaging supplies to the healthcare industry. This role will be located in their state-of-the-art Newcastle facility on a full-time, permanent basis.The main purpose of the role is to work as part of the Technical Team and be the first point of contact to any issues relating to manufacturing, as well as providing expertise on chemical formulation and any packaging related issue in respects to GMP requirements. Further responsibilities will include: Providing a continuous improvement approach to automated packaging. Be involved with designing a manufacturing process from development to GMP. Maintain and update SOP's for specific use of equipment. Undertake trials of prototype and finished components. Trouble shooting of issues and identifying GMP complaint resolutions. In order to be considered for this role, you will be required to have the following qualifications, skills and experience: A strong background in Chemistry, ideally educated to degree level. A strong understanding of GMP and associated control requirements. Proven experience of working across multifunctional teams. For more information, or to apply for the position, please contact James Horne on 0191 3848905 or jhorne@ckscience.co.uk. Alternatively, please click the link below to apply online now. Please note that your CV should show exact dates of employment (month and year) and any gaps of a month or more should be explained. CK Group is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all who meet our selection criteria. If you do not hear back from us within 5 working days of your application for this role, it means that on this occasion you have not been shortlisted for the next stage of the recruitment campaign. Entitlement to work in the EEA is essential. Please quote reference 45528 in all correspondence. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£22,000 - £27,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"312"	312	"Security & Facilities Support Officer"	"    YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE FOR THIS VACANCY AS IT MAY CLOSE EARLIER THAN THE SPECIFIED DATE SHOULD EXCESSIVE APPLICATIONS BE RECEIVED Please note should your application be successful, we will contact you via the email address you have provided on your application form. IMPORTANT NOTE ON COMPLETION OF REFERENCE SECTION OF APPLICATION FORM All references from current and previous employers will be sought and MUST cover a minimum of 3 years employment. Therefore, when completing the reference section of your application form, please give the address, telephone number and work email address of each of your current/previous line managers that cover 3 years employment. Where possible this should be from two seperate employers. Failure to complete this section may result in your application not being processed.PLEASE NOTE it is a requirement of this Trust that all successful applicants pay for their DBS certificate if a check is required for the post. There are two methods of payment either directly through the online portal using a credit or debit card or through deduction from your monthly pay over a maximum of three months.  All new entrants to the NHS will be appointed on the minimum of the pay scale in line with Agenda For Change Terms & Conditions.    QE Facilities Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary company of Gateshead Health NHS Foundation Trust.  An exciting opportunityhas arisen in the Company’s new Security & Facilities Support Service for the right candidate to fill the position of a:   Security & Facilities Support Officer: 12 hours per shift, average 56 hours per week, 3 days 07:00 – 19:00, 3 nights 19:00 – 07:00, 3 days off working Monday – Sunday.  Salary: £8 per hour (plus 40% weekend enhancement & plus performance bonus after appropriate qualifying period)  Location: Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Gateshead.   We are looking for reliable, flexible and well-motivated individuals who take pride in their work, to work as Healthcare Security & Facilities Support Officers, providing Healthcare Security, portering and patient /visitor focused customer service.  We are committed to the delivery of a high quality patient/staff experience and the successful candidates will be expected to maintain these high standards, showing excellent communication skills. You must be able to work effectively as part of a team and on your own, and have a flexible attitude to your work to meet service needs.  You will hold, or be willing to study and apply for SIA Frontline /Door Supervision Security and Public Space Surveillance (CCTV) licenses. A clean driving license is preferred but not essential for this role. Healthcare security experience is preferred but not essential as full training will be provided.  Informal enquiries are welcomed by Rob Stead, Security & Facilities Support Manager, 0191 445 3480 or by emailing rob.stead @ghnt.nhs.uk.   QE Facilities work to their own Terms and Conditions; they are not the same as Gateshead Health NHS Trust Terms and Conditions. This is not an Agenda for Change Pay Rate’     Applicants who have not been contacted within 4 weeks of the closing date are to assume that their application has been unsuccessful. Applications are welcomed from candidates who may require sponsorship through the UK Border Agency to work in the UK. However, those candidates must be aware that appointment to the post may not be considered if a suitably qualified experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available and/or the post does not attract sufficient points. During the interview process, all candidates will be requested to provide appropriate original documentation to ensure their legal right to work in the UK may be verified. Candidates who require sponsorship are strongly advised to visit the UK Border Agency website and familiarise themselves with what is required. There is a facility on this site to access the points based calculator and work through an example which should assist candidates in their understanding of the process.  Gateshead Health NHS Foundation Trust is a smoke free organisation in line with Smoke Free Gateshead     Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"313"	313	"Depute Service Leader - North and South Shields"	"  Community Integrated Care is currently seeking a dedicated and compassionate health and social care professional for a Depute Service Leader based in North and South Shields.   This is a great opportunity to make a genuine difference where you will be responsible for leading an engaged and motivated team to change lives deliver person-centred outcomes for every person we support. You will also take the lead by driving performance, setting the pace and direction within services, promoting a positive and passionate culture, and ensuring that services are appropriately and effectively resourced to change lives for the better.   With experience working in complex care within a social or health care setting, you will have an upbeat positive manner as well as having a genuine passion for supporting people to become a part of their local and wider community.   You will also have experience working with people supported who present behaviours that require intensive support planning and management to ensure their safety and quality of life at all times.   In addition you will be comfortable using basic IT systems that are required within the role - training can be offered to support this area. You will also hold a professional qualification in Health and Social Care, i.e. Nurse, Social Worker, SVQ Level 5 (Scotland) / Care Management Level 5 (England).   Naturally it is important too that you share our company values - We Include; We Deliver; We Aspire; We Respect; We Enable, which are at the heart of everything we do and ensure that we deliver high quality, consistent care and support.   In return, we offer you a rewarding role with the opportunity to develop your skills and future career in a rewarding and enriching environment. We also offer the following;  Comprehensive induction and commitment to on-going learning and development 28 days holiday (inclusive of bank holiday) Holiday purchase scheme Contributory pension scheme Access to a free app offering retail discounts, leisure savings and holiday and travel discounts Employee of the month and other recognition schemes Employee Assistant programme - available 24/7 Wellbeing Fund Employee Voice - GameChangers We will also pay for your disclosure  Community Integrated Care is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity.  "	"North Shields"	"Permanent"	"£21,250 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"314"	314	"First Class Lounge Customer Experience Apprentice - Newcastle"	" First Class Lounge Customer Experience Apprentice - Newcastle   First Class Lounge Customer Experience ApprenticeNewcastleFull Time/Part Time positions availableFixed Term – Initial contract of 13 months with a view to securing permanent full time position on successful completion of apprenticeship as Onboard Customer HostSalary – £17,393Start Date – 26th June 2019  What do we have on offer? We have a brand new opportunity available for a Customer Experience Apprentice to join our team based in Newcastle. Located within our First Class Lounge you’ll be responsible for ensuring a premium customer experience from the moment our customers enter the lounge to the point they leave for their train. In order to do this you will be involved in....  Providing a warm welcome to our customers as they arrive in the First Class Lounge.  Delivering customer experience and service standards.  Providing travel information and assistance in relation to customer queries.  Maintaining the cleanliness of the lounge environment and ensuring that the catering offering and crockery are replenished.  Taking responsibility for the catering offering and delivering at seat refreshments during off peak hours.  Ensuring that available technology and equipment is utilised as instructed to enhance customer experience.  What do we need you to be? We are looking for highly motivated individuals who have a passion for customer service or aspire to work in a customer focused environment. To be successful in this role you will need to:  Be 18 years of age or over.  Entry requirements may include a minimum of National 4 (or equivalent) in English Language and Maths.  Possess first class interpersonal skills in order to interact with the wide range of customers we receive through the lounge each day.  Be approachable to ensure customers can come to you with any questions they may have whilst in the lounge.  Enjoy working as part of a team, whilst also being able to work independently and use your initiative to solve problems when required.  Be hard working and reliable.  Be able to work shift work between (Monday - Friday 06.15 - 21.00, Saturday 06.15 - 17.00, Sunday 10.00 - 19.00).  What can we offer you? On joining LNER you’ll spend your first couple of weeks with us in York where you’ll receive a thorough introduction to the business and your apprenticeship programme. Following this you’ll be introduced to the team in your local station and will begin gaining firsthand experience of working with our customers within the First Class Lounge. In addition to this we’ll support you in working towards achieving a recognised qualification in customer service, providing practical application for case studies, time allowance for study attendance and mentoring. Upon successful completion of your apprenticeship we’ll look to offer you  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Apprenticeship"	"£17,393 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"315"	315	"121 Maths Tutor"	"1 2 1 Maths Tutor(s)  Required for Approximately 25 hours per week The Blyth Academy  Salary £25 per hour for those with Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) or equivalent or £15 per hour for non QTS  Northern Education Trust seeks applications from outstanding applicants with integrity, imagination and energy for this rewarding role. Northern Education Trust – The Blyth Academy believes that all students, regardless of background, deserve the best possible education and outcomes.  Starting as soon as possible, we are seeking to appoint a committed individual to work as part of a dedicated team of staff. We seek someone who can effectively support selected students through individually tailored programmes of One to One tuition in Maths. We welcome applications from people who:hold qualified teacher status, or are a qualified HE or FE teacher; or are able to demonstrate a track record of effective teaching; or are able to demonstrate that you can work with individual pupils to progress their learning in Maths or English; or have subject specific knowledge of Maths or English at key stage 4  Further details of the post can be obtained via email to j.jackson@northerneducationtrust.org  Northern Education Trust is committed to safer recruitment practice and pre-employment checks will be undertaken before any appointment is confirmed. This post is subject to an enhanced disclosure and barring service check. We expect all adults who work for the Trust to share our commitment to safeguarding and the health and wellbeing of our students."	"Blyth "	"Temporary"	"£15 - £25 an hour"	-1.5018084	55.1241236
"316"	316	"Senior Pensions Administrator"	"Senior Pensions Administrator One of the UK's largest consultancies is seeking an experienced Senior Pensions Administrator to join their team in Sheffield. Working on a large portfolio of both DB and DC pension schemes, you will be required to provide a full pensions administration service. Duties will include assisting with complex case work, performing complex manual benefit calculations for retirements, leavers, transfers, death and divorce cases. You will also check work of administrators on the team and provide training and mentoring when required. This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual who is looking to progress within their career and further develop their skills. Full study support is provided for professional qualifications."	"North East"	"Permanent"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"317"	317	"IQA"	" Responsible for Managing Delivery Quality & compliance for all programmes in scope. Ensuring compliance with relevant regulatory and certification bodies including but not limited to Awarding Organisations and End Point Assessment Organisations. To have shared responsibility for quality of provision and quality improvement within the area of responsibility. To develop, implement and manage for monitoring and implementing compliance with the Company’s Standards. To maintain and improve the Company OFSTED grade, quality certifications and direct claim status. This will include supporting inspections and audits conducted by external agencies and to support the self-assessment process to promote quality improvement throughout the company. The IQA will support in the delivery of high-quality learning and qualifications to learners and provide robust IQA processes for Apprenticeships and skills. The IQA will support, motivate and develop company Assessors/tutors to ensure Learners achieve their planned learning aim and make progression within a timely manner. The IQA will work with the Quality Manager to ensure the wider Company quality strategy is implemented. The IQA will collect feedback from learners on programme and monitor quality of delivery within the programmes on offer and report changes in quality and compliance trends on the learner journey to the relevant Managers Job Type: Full-time Experience: IQA: 6 years (Required) teaching: 6 years (Required) assessment: 10 years (Required) Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Gateshead "	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"318"	318	"HR Recruitment Administrator"	" Our amazing client in the Newcastle area are needing to add a temporary HR/Recruitment Administrator to their team to support with an increase in exciting HR and Recruitment related projects. You must be an experienced HR or Recruitment Administrator as you will be responsible for uploading related information onto HR Systems whilst working closely with the HR team. This role is to commence as soon as possible therefore please apply if you're able to start quickly. It is initially offered for 1 month however this may well be extended further. If you'd like to work for one of the most exciting organisation's in the region please let us know! Job Type: Temporary "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"319"	319	"Bar Tender"	" Full and part time bar tenders required 30 hours /16 hours per week must have previous experience minimum 2 years. 2 to 3 shifts per week this will include weekends and bank holiday's. The suitable applicant will be a experienced bar tenders with outgoing personalities and great customer service skills. Food service experience is essential. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £6.50 to £8.20 /hour Experience: Bartending: 3 years (Required) Hospitality: 3 years (Required) Location: Sunderland, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	"£6.50 - £8.20 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"320"	320	"Bar Staff/Waiter"	" This is a fantastic opportunity for experienced bar Staff to join our award winning team at raval Indian restaurant & bar. On the Tyne bridge, Newcastle-Gateshead .ravaluk.com Our bar staff plays a crucial role in delivering exceptional customer service to our guests on a daily basis. They ensure all dining & drinking experiences are in keeping with our high standards and enhance the experience of our customers, so having a great personality and being able to work at a fast pace is essential in this position. You’ll be a self-motivated team player with great communication skills. You'll learn fast, be reliable, hard-working and energetic. You will be required to work shift hours and have a flexible approach to working patterns .Most of all you will be enthusiastic and passionate about what we offer. If you feel you have the necessary skills for this role, please apply- we would love to hear from Job Type: Part-time Salary: £6.88 to £10.00 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£6.88 - £10.00 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"321"	321	"Warehouse Operative"	"We are a Sunderland based hydraulic engineering company and have been operating for over 30 years, we now seek additional staff within our warehouse facility based on the Soutwick Industrial Est. Varied duties include: Order preperation Despatching of goods Goods receiving Quality awareness Hose production assistance We operate a fully computer controlled platform with the latest software installed. Hours - Monday - Friday 8.30-17.00 Occasional overtime maybe available Please forward your C.V by email Interviews will be held on site at Southwick as soon as possible Minimum wage applies"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"322"	322	"SPECIFICATION SALES CONSULTANT – FABRICS – M62 CORRIDOR / NORTH EAST –"	"   Job Description  Are you a driven A&D sales professional with experience in promoting high-end luxury interior products to Architects, Interior Designers and End Users? Are you also familiar with project tracking and managing a network of sub-contractors, installers and dealers?   If so, we are working with a market leading manufacturer of HIGHLY DESIRABLE FABRIC SOLUTIONS who are seeking to recruit an experienced Specification Sales Consultant to join their team with responsibility for promoting their products and solutions in the NORTH OF ENGLAND in a focused and strategic sales capacity.   The Role  To promote our Client’s high quality, market leading range of Decorative Interior Fabric solutions, mainly via Architects, Interior Designers and end users’ clients by raising awareness, generating sales and hitting agreed targets whilst working closely with other members of the team both internally and externally.  Responsibilities  Raise our Client’s profile within the given geographical area, expanding the existing customer base, setting up business plans and sharing project information resulting in sales growth. Manage and develop Key Accounts Networking and entertaining clients and customers Embracing the A&D Community Be professional and competent at presenting CPD presentations Grow Sales within agreed target markets – Contract / Commercial / Hospitality & Leisure / Healthcare / Education Have an understanding of the various contract types and the decision makers within the procurement process. Be able to promote solutions on design capabilities over and above price Dealing with customers day to day requirements. Relevant reports to be completed in the timescales provided.   Knowledge, Skills and Experience Required  A high degree of professionalism and an exceptional understanding of the specification design process with the ability to communicate at each of these levels where necessary. Ability to prioritise work according to demand and work alongside colleagues internally and externally to deliver customer service excellence Self-motivated, outgoing personality that can work well on their own and in and positively collaborate in a team. Ability to manage own territory, introduce tailored customer business plans to drive sales forward. New business focused with the ability to grow, nurture and develop long established key accounts Track record of Solution Selling and having existing relationships with Key Designers and specifiers within the outlined market sector is essential Good communication skills with a friendly approach are needed. Ability to work under pressure with an excellent attention to detail is a must. Sound commercial acumen and an ability to communicate with colleagues and customers to assist the closing of sales opportunities. Competent IT skills are required Clean driving license is essential. Territory  North West England or North East England  "	"North East"	NA	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"323"	323	"Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner - Newcastle"	"Maxxima are currently recruiting for a Band 5 Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner to work in a service based in the Newcastle area. Our clients are looking for at least one PWP to start ASAP on a Full-Time basis. The starting pay rate will be £17 per hour. Requirements of the Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner vacancy: All applicants must have a relevant qualification - for example, a Post-Graduate Diploma in PWP /Low-Intensity Interventions - and preferably some post-qualification experience within the NHS or private sector. The roles and responsibilities of this placement will include: * Provide evidence-based low-intensity psychological interventions to clients with mild to moderate anxiety and depression and other mental health conditions * Ensure high professional standards are met and that client confidentiality is protected * Liaise with other healthcare professionals involved with the psychological treatment of patients * Attend clinical supervision in order to develop skills and experience Benefits of working with Maxxima: * Practical assistance with relocation, accommodation and DBS/CRB checks * Dedicated and experienced consultants * Dedicated payroll consultant to ensure prompt payment * Guidance and advice on CV and interview techniques * Practical assistance with professional body registration * A choice of PAYE, umbrella or LTD company payments Maxxima has been offering high quality, flexible staffing solutions to the health and social care sectors for over 15 years. We work with public and private health clients, local authorities and social care providers throughout the UK and overseas. We're the kind of people who put ourselves in your shoes. We'll always go out of our way, putting you first and delivering on what we say.  You'll know who's supporting you every step of the way and we'll always have time to take your call. Contact us: If you are interested in this PWP position please contact me now by calling Sam on 020 7749 8282, or by sending me an email to sam.sutcliffe@maxximagroup.com Due to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet our client's requirements. Reasonable adjustments: If you consider yourself to have a disability or require any reasonable adjustment during the recruitment process or within the workplace, please highlight this at the earliest opportunity by contacting our Psychological Therapies team. With this information, we will provide appropriate support to you throughout the process and into your work placement. Recommend a colleague: Often, our candidates are so pleased with our service that they recommend us to their friends and colleagues. To encourage this and say thank you, we offer a referral bonus incentive. The way it works is simple: if you introduce a candidate who is not previously known to Maxxima and we are successful in placing them, we will pay you up to £1500. More information regarding referrals can be found on our website."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	"£17 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"324"	324	"Security Officer"	" Must Hold SIA Licence This is a self employed position Blyth / Cramlington Area  Duties to include * Provide a polite , customer friendly security presence * Provide excellent customer service * Deterring anti social behaviour ,theft and criminal activity * liaising with police * Writing Statements and reports * Very smart appearence * Must be flexible with shifts patterns * Must drive with own vehicle * Must be prepared to travel within 30 miles of home * Immediate start Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21/hour Job Type: Full-time Licence: SIA (Preferred)"	"Blyth"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5018084	55.1241236
"325"	325	"Automation Tester"	" Our client, one of the top 10 up and coming agencies in the North East, with international presence and market leaders across the UK and Europe are looking for an experienced Automation Tester to join their expanding team as they look to further dominate their markets domestically and abroad. The company is offering a competitive salary, a vibrant working atmosphere and the chance for fast and structured career development. The job role will be very heavily on the automation testing side, so this will be absolutely essential. Particularly matched with experience with Selenium and Cucumber. If you are looking to further your career and work for one of UK's biggest and fastest growing companies and are experienced in testing, then this could be the opportunity for you. Job Type: Permanent / Full-time Salary: up to £50,000 Location: Newcastle Pearson Frank International Ltd is the global leader in Java / PHP recruitment, advertising more JAVA & PHP jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Digital Agencies & End Users globally and we have never had more live development jobs for JAVA & PHP professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the JAVA & PHP market I have built relationships with most of the key employers. Pearson Frank International Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. To discuss this opportunity further or apply for the vacancy, please send your CV to t.gilroy@pearsonfrank.com or call Thomas Gilroy on +44 191 814 7448.  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£40,000 - £50,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"326"	326	"Diabetes & Endocrinology – SpR"	" Athona Recruitment is looking for an experienced SpR locum, specialising in Diabetes & Endocrinology. The ideal candidate will be available to start as soon as possible for a three month position, following a rota, within an outstanding hospital located in the North East of England.  Requirements include: Full GMC registration, recent experience within the NHS, two current references and the right to work in the UK.  Contact us now for:Excellent hourly rates of pay, with prompt weekly payments. Locum, fixed-term or permanent contracts throughout the UK. Industry-recognised revalidation and appraisal support team. Refer and earn rewards through our unique incentive scheme. Financial contribution to your CPD. Occupational Health and mandatory training support. Fast-track registration.   Athona holds Tier 1 status within the West Midlands Cluster. We’re the first line of supply to eight acute NHS Trusts and can offer our doctors the best locum positions in the region. If you can’t see a position that’s right for you, get in touch with the team today on 01277 217777.  Athona Recruitment provides professional recruitment solutions for Anaesthetics, GPs, Emergency Medicine, Medicine, Psychiatry, Psychology, Psychotherapy, Paediatrics & Neonates and Community Paediatrics, Pathology/Haematology/Microbiology, Nursing, Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Oral & Max, Radiology and Surgery jobs.  Are you based overseas and looking for a new position in the UK? We have a specialised team to help find you your perfect role. Get in touch with the team today.  www.athona.com "	"North East"	"Temporary"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"327"	327	"Hub Administrator"	"Hub Administrators are based at each of our operating sites. Working in a small team of Administrators, you will be part of an enthusiastic, committed team supporting people with learning disabilities to achieve their life outcomes. Principal Responsibilities: Hub AdministratorTo be the main point of reception for the Hub/site, presenting a friendly welcome for people with learning disabilities and their families, and for the Organisation’s visitors.To ensure reception, administration and meeting rooms are clean and tidy.To provide comprehensive administrative support for the Hub across its operations.To liaise with Head Office and other Hub Administrators to ensure local systems, policies/procedures, resources and displays are up-to-date and brand compliant.To act as Petty Cash Custodian with responsibility for all petty cash handling, storage and transactions at the Hub. Core Responsibilities: All StaffTo ensure the Safeguarding of Clients within service at all times;To maintain safe working practices, ensuring Health & Safety at work both on site and within Journey’s outreach activities;To promote Journey’s mission and values and to commit to successful delivery of our five strategic priorities;To champion equality & diversity and inclusion for all. Person Specification & Candidate Guidance Full details including the person specification and application form are available from our website www.journeyenterprises.co.uk. We are unable to accept CVs."	"Wallsend"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"328"	328	"Business Travel Consultant - UK"	" Hours: 37.5 per weekRole SummaryBusiness Travel Consultant to work on the UK Department within Hays Travel for Business. This is a great opportunity for someone to enter the travel industry and work with a dedicated professional team.Booking UK Hotels, rail and flightsQualifications & Experience<U+F0B7> Customer service experience preferredCustomer Service Deliver exceptional customer service to all internal and external customersSkills Excellent organisational skills  * Appropriately assertive with a wide range of people  * Problem solving skills with a can do attitude  * Attention to detail and high levels of accuracy  * Strong administration skills with excellent time management skillsTeam Work Enthusiastic and proactive with the ability to work independently (self - motivated) and as part of a teamCommunication Excellent verbal and written communication skills  * Ability to liaise with staff at all levels  * Effective motivational skills and the ability to remain positive and professional at all timesValues Commitment to contribute to the growth of the business and the development of the team Ensure that the Hays Travel values are demonstrated at all times and that others follow this standard General<U+F0B7> To undertake any other duties that may fall into the job criteria <U+F0B7> To conform with all company policies and procedures including Health and Safety <U+F0B7> To treat all employees, customers and suppliers with dignity and respect <U+F0B7> This job description is not intended as an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities of the post but simply reflects the key areas involved Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: Sales: 2 years (Preferred) Customer Service: 2 years (Preferred) "	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"329"	329	"Apprentice Level 2 Business Administrator - Bedlingtonshire Medical Group"	" Duties to include: Ensure an effective and efficient reception service is provided to patients and any other visitors to the practice Deal with all general enquiries, explain procedures and make new and follow-up appointments Using your own judgment and communication skills ensure that patients with no prior appointment but who need urgent consultation are seen in a logical and non-disruptive manner Explain practice arrangements and formal requirements to new patients and those seeking temporary cover and ensure procedures are completed Receive and make telephone calls as required. Divert calls and take messages, ensuring accuracy of detail and prompt appropriate delivery Enter requests for home visits into the Home Visits Sheet and log onto EMIS computer system, ensuring careful recording of all relevant details and where necessary refer to Duty Doctor Action repeat prescription requests and ensure that they are ready for collection by the patient within 48 hours, either on the computer or manually Prepare lists and notes for all surgeries and clinics held, ensuring completion of all associated paperwork Advise patients of relevant charges for private (non General Medical Services) services, accept payment and issue receipts for same Enter patient information on to the computer as required Patient notes and correspondence: Retrieve and re-file records as required, ensuring strict alphabetical order is adhered to Ensure correspondence, reports, results etc are filed promptly and in the correct records, ensuring that all recent correspondence is available when patients are seen Ensure records are kept in good repair with all necessary information on the outside cover clearly visible Make and serve refreshments, ensure the kitchen is kept clean and tidy and tidy the waiting room in turn with other staff Requirements and prospects Desired skills Demonstrate computer keyboard operations skills Excellent communication skills Ability to work within a team Willingness to undertake and necessary training courses including NVQ Personal qualities Ability to work well under pressure Ability to use own initiative Good communication and interpersonal skills Pleasant and articulate Good telephone manner Ability to work in a changing environment Smart appearance, Friendly and approachable manner Desired qualifications Mathematics and English GCSE grade A - C or equivalent qualification  Future prospects There are good prospects for full time employment or progression on to an Advanced Level Apprenticeship Level 3. You will be supported with employability skills and job seeking.  Things to consider To be considered for the apprenticeship you must attend a Screening Workshop prior to your application being sent to the employer."	"Bedlington "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5980826	55.1323903
"330"	330	"Finance Apprentice"	"    KEY TASKS SHALL INCLUDE: Providing general administrative support to the department, including the printing and collation of meeting packs, mail merges, photocopying, archiving and handling of telephone and emailed enquiries Assisting the Purchasing team with the checking, scanning and filing of invoices, and the logging and resolution of supplier queries Assisting the Payroll team with the inputting of all timesheets, overtime, expenses and additional payments Assisting the Credit Controller with the maintenance of sales ledgers and cash book postings, including bank reconciliations Assisting the Invoicing team with the timely processing of all sales ledger invoicing Providing support to other areas within the Finance function as required The following are standard responsibilities for all positions within the Port: Participate in any review/performance management process involving the identification of training needs for self and others Take appropriate responsibility to ensure the health and safety of self and others Undertake any other tasks and responsibilities appropriate to the level of the post     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Excellent IT skills with a good knowledge of Microsoft systems, including Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook Accuracy and attention to detail Organisational skills and the ability to coordinate a range of duties Able to prioritise work, meet deadlines and remain calm under pressure An interest in developing a career in finance    Personal qualities Able to communicate effectively and relate to people at all levels of the organisation and with external customers Flexible approach to work Able to follow work related instructions and advice Committed to ensure that all relevant qualifications are gained and course work is completed on time Comply with the Port’s policies and procedures    Desired qualifications 5 GCSE at Grade C/4 or above (or equivalent) including maths and English      Future prospects To progress to Levels 3 and 4 of AAT    Things to consider Interviews set to take place week commencing 15th or 22nd July For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates       "	"South Shields "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"331"	331	"Volunteer"	" Do you have some time to spare for us? Do you want to make a difference in your community and worldwide? Oxfam Hexham is looking for volunteers to help us run our two shops (a bookshop and a general store) on Battle Hill. All that is required is a positive attitude! If you have computing or photography skills, we'd love you to help us with our online store. If you're interested, pop in for a chat and collect a volunteering form (or apply online!) https://www.oxfam.org.uk/shop/local-shops/volunteer-in-a-shop Job Type: Volunteer "	"Hexham "	"Volunteer"	NA	-2.1017927	54.971478
"332"	332	"Lunch time childcare assistant (TERM TIME ONLY)"	" TERM TIME ONLY (15 hours per week) Little Cygnets is recruiting, we are looking for a friendly, reliable, bubbly person with a relevant level 3 qualification in Childcare to join our small professional team in our nursery in Killingworth as well as the relevant qualification you must be able to meet the following criteria. If you can ‘eat’ playdough shaped food ; answer toy phones and drink virtual tea whilst sat at mini tables and chairs,If you can read a fairy tale from an upside-down book; and keep your place despite constant interruptions,If you can be a princess, a monster, Elsa from frozen or Spiderman and encourage little ones to do the same,If you can deliver an endless supply of warm hugs AND at the same time, count heads that are in perpetual motion,If you can shop on the way home and not be bothered about colourful stains on your clothes,If you can connect the names of children, parents, siblings, pets and soft toys to the right faces,If you want to feel loved, special, and important to many young children and their families, then we have the perfect job for you. Job Type: Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"333"	333	"Temp Customer Liaison Advisor x2 - Customer Liaison Team"	" What's involved with this role: Two Customer Liaison Advisors are required to join the Customer Liaison Team. They will be expected to have good organisational skills and be able to use IT effectively in implementing tasks. As there is no formal Job Description for this role, please could you provide as much information as possible on your CV including any relevant Qualifications, Skills and Experience. Please quote the Job Title & Vacancy Reference No. in your application, or we will be unable to match your CV to the role being applied for. Your address (including post code) and a telephone number so that we can reach you during working hours Your recent UK working experience going back at least 5 years, or full employment history if you have been working for fewer years than this. Your availability to work either immediately, or at short notice. ***Qualification details and all other experience/skills relevant to the job role to help support your application (and help us to help you!) – please give full details within your CV document. Strong IT skills including Microsoft packages Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable: Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for If you would prefer to send a CV straight to us rather than by way of an on-line application, you are very welcome to do so via jobs@tclrec.com but please quote both the job reference and job title exactly as they appear below:Job Ref: Tyne & Wear 1001258510776487 Anticipated Length of Assignment: Unless otherwise stated (we do carry the occasional permanent vacancy) all of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis and can sometimes become permanent. Please do try to resist contacting us with requests for progress updates. We really do read every CV sent to us. All applications will be acknowledged by a human, not a robot, provided the job remains live and provided your CV meets the “Essential Requirements” listed. Please note that we do our level best to take down ads as soon as roles have been filled. We are not in the business of harvesting CVs. Important: We will interpret your application as being permission to submit your CV to this role (with the right to represent you) unless you advise us to the contrary."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£10.54 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"334"	334	"Janitor/Cleaner"	" Janitor/Cleaner required for Killingworth Shopping centre On a Temp zero hours Contract for at least 3 months no experience necessary as full training will be provided Duites to include using floor machines,litter picking, emptying bins, toilets, office and generally keeping the Mall clean Hours will be from 0530am until 2230 monday to sunday on a rota basis. Would suit someone local due to times Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £8.38 /hour Experience: cleaning: 1 year (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£8.38 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"335"	335	"Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner"	"    Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner  Salary Band: C (£30,300 - £36,664)  Hours: Full Time(37.5 per week)  Location: Buttress House, Seaton Burn  Contract: Fixed term (12 months) to cover maternity leave, beginning July 2019   An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner to join a dynamic team of clinicians.  You will be joining Insight Healthcare, which is a highly regarded, national organisation and an experienced and well established provider of talking therapy services on behalf of the NHS. As a key member of the team you will be valued for your contribution to maintaining Insight’s excellent reputation and helping us develop this further through innovative practice.  It is our mission to improve the mental health and wellbeing of the people we serve. You will play a key role in delivering this mission, and be committed to our core values which are at the heart of everything we do.  This is an excellent opportunity to join an organisation that has experienced recent growth and continues to seek new opportunities to further strengthen and build upon our excellent reputation.   We would love to hear from you if you are:- excited by change and looking for an organisation that has the infrastructure in place to offer the excellent service you have been trained to deliver committed to delivering quality interventions that reflect local and national priorities and targets an inspirational team player with excellent communication skills and able to work collaboratively able to deliver required performance targets committed to improving access to psychological therapies   What we offer in return; 27 days annual leave plus bank holidays (rising with length in service) and with the opportunity to purchase additional leave A comprehensive induction and ongoing training, development and clinical supervision An enhanced pension scheme A supportive culture that values work-life balance An Employee Assistance Programme which offers 24/7 financial, legal and personal advice, including free access to counselling where required Access to LifeWorks, which provides excellent corporate discounts on shopping, cinema tickets and restaurants Discounted gym membership and Cycle to Work scheme Family friendly policies including enhanced maternity, paternity and adoption pay Death in Service Insurance   The job description and person specification are attached. For an informal discussion regarding this post please contact Jessica Tasker, Senior Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner, on 0300 1234502 and she will be happy to speak to you.   How to apply:  Please apply through the NHS Jobs website.  The closing date for applications is Sunday 26th May 2019 Interviews will be held on the week commencing Monday 3rd June 2019    This post is subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure. Concern Group will cover the cost of this.   If you have not heard from us within 6 weeks of applying, please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion.Concern Group reserves the right to close the vacancy early if a large volume of applications is received.NHS Jobs is used as an advertising platform only; any information regarding shortlisting or interviews will be sent to the email address provided on your application.    To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Seaton Burn"	NA	NA	-1.4915475	55.0659529
"336"	336	"Optical Consultant"	" The importance of your role. This is your chance to be part of something a bit different. You’ll use your passion for service and provide an outstanding level of care for our customers. We think that’s a big opportunity. The customer is everything to Boots, and working with the Practice Manager, Optometrist and Optical Consultants, you’ll create a culture where everyone is friendly and passionate about doing the right thing for them. Together these elements will play a big part in making us No 1 for Customer Care. What you’ll be doing day to day. Primarily, you’ll provide information to customers, working alongside the Optometrist, to help them select the best products and services to ensure customers see, look and feel better than they ever thought possible. Secondly, you’ll keep up-to-date with all the various new lines and promotions within your practice, so that you can always provide customers with the most up-to-date information. Finally, you’ll play your part within the team, working together and helping and supporting colleagues to deliver a successful and profitable business. How will you do it? You’ll listen to our customers – and provide the right, up to date information at all times. You’ll select the best products for each customer and this, in turn, will naturally increase our sales and make us profitable. You’ll ensure that the practice is always clean and tidy and that you effectively manage queues at busy periods. This means our customers will receive an excellent service in a great environment. What you’ll need to have. We’re looking for really great people, with a friendly personality and experience in an optical business. It’s all about working together as one great team – after all it’s our people that are at the heart of our business. It’s a fantastic opportunity to add to your own development, and a chance to learn more about us as a business. It could open up even more opportunities with us. You’ll need to have lots of computer experience, along with really great communication and customer service skills. It isn’t just about experience, we’re interested in seeing a bit more, the real you – and that makes us all feel good. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00 /year "	"Washington "	NA	"£18,000 a year"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"337"	337	"Experienced Quotes/Order Processor"	" Exclusive Aluminium Ltd are one of the most highly regarded manufacturers of windows,doors and curtain walling in the North East. A privately owned company that has been built on the principles of providing customers with high quality products that are manufactured from market leading components. We are currently recruiting for an Experienced Quotes/Order Processor based in the Sunderland area. Key Responsibilities Inputting window, door and curtain walling onto industry specific software (Logikal) Ordering materials to complete a project Liaising with customers via email/telephone and resolving any queries Help to support team members with other duties when required providing accurate orders and quotation processing, placing orders sheets for factory Requirements Experience of the aluminium window and door industry ESSENTIAL Ability to prioritise workload and be organised is highly advantageous Candidates must have experience on the software LOGIKAL Excellent communication skills and telephone manner when dealing with customers and suppliers Professional Confident Good customer service Good numeracy and literacy skills Be computer literate and be used to working in a high pressure environment with attention to detail Job Type: Full-time Experience: logikal: 3 years (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	NA	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"338"	338	"Retail warehouse"	" We have a temporary full time position for our new processing team based at the Warehouse. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a new stock process being introduced at the Barbour warehouse in Jarrow. The role will involve accurately and efficiently using systems to process stock into the Warehouse. Candidates should enjoy working in a fast paced environment using systems accurately. This role also includes, labeling, hanging and finally packing the clothing. Job Type: Full-time Experience: pallet jack: 1 year (Preferred)Location: Jarrow, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Jarrow"	NA	NA	-1.4810622	54.9819481
"339"	339	"GCSE Maths Tutor"	" Monday- Friday 10 hours per week (Term Time Only) Well established alternative education learning centre seeks motivated and experienced GCSE maths tutor to strengthen its team. You will assist the Lead Tutor in the delivery of qualification based programmes using Sport, Creative, Mechanics, or Care (dependant on your specialism and skills) as the tool of engagement. Working with young people aged 13 - 16 years you will be able to motivate and inspire whilst maintaining good levels of discipline and promoting social responsibility. Using a variety of teaching methods, ensuring qualification units are delivered taking into account a range of learning styles, you will be able deliver informative, enjoyable, safe and inclusive lessons. This post is subject to an Enhanced DBS check. A comprehensive screening process will be undertaken on successful applicants. You will also be required to complete a number of mandatory training courses applicable to this role. Both CV and application form (https://tinyurl.com/y9o9nfsf) must be completed for this post. Applicants for this post are subject to Educ8’s privacy notice for job applicants available from educ8group.com/recruitment. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8,640.00 /year Experience: tutoring: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newbiggin-by-the-Sea "	"Part-time"	"£8,640 a year"	-1.5109345	55.1853665
"340"	340	"Purchasing Administrator"	"  Our client , a highly succesful company based in North Tyneside is looking for a dynamic and motivated member of staff , to join them within a Purchasing role. Responsibilities will include:  Monitoring day to day operations to ensure purchasing requirements are met.  In consultation with the accounts officer ensuring the efficient processing of invoices is undertaken within prescribed supply conditions/payment terms.  Administrative follow up of the enquiries,ordering and supply of goods to various locations, obtaining quotations for supplies and placement of orders.  Check pending orders file on a monthly basis and follow up quotations and close out.  Present analysis of quotations and alternative means of supply to decision makers.  Follow up on actual delivery of ordered goods.  Evaluate Supplier's performance.  Assign budget quotes to requisitions.  Prepare and distribute monthly updates.  Prepare prepayment vouchers as required.  This is a very busy role , dealing with multiple enquiries each day, and will best suit a candidate who thrives in a fast paced environment. Excellent salary (£26k)and benefits package. Based in North Shields, parking on site and easily accessible by public transport. Candidates who have a proven track record in purchasing, logistics, oil and gas , shipping, manufacturing, engineering industry would be of interest. This role is of high importance so please apply immediately if interested. Due to the high volume of applications we are currently receiving we unfortunately cannot respond unsuccessful candidates. If you have not received a reply within 7 working days then please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion.  "	"North Shields"	"Permanent"	"£26,000 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"341"	341	"Product Consultant"	"  Finally. A car sales job that sells itself.  Forget suits, ties and devoting your entire life to the showroom floor. Instead, say hello to a car sales role that gives you permission to be yourself, showcase your amazing customer service skills and enjoy every working day to the full. As an Arnold Clark Product Consultant at Newcastle Ford, you’ll help us to shake off all those outdated car industry clichés and drive modern car retailing towards a diverse and exciting future. From our comfortable uniforms and range of staff benefits to our five-day working week commission structure, we’re giving you all the tools to succeed – and still enjoy your life outside work. You also don’t need to be a car fanatic to be a Product Consultant (although we like those, too!) All we ask is that you love helping people, have buckets of energy and enthusiasm and can rise to any challenges along the way. Sound like you? Here’s what you’ll do.  Deliver outstanding, 5-star service for every customer – that means going the extra mile for everyone who walks through the door. Build and maintain lasting and sincere relationships with customers, both in person and over the phone. Sell the right sales package for the customer, from finance to servicing, with integrity and professionalism at the top of your list. Go out of your way to get customers excited about our incredible range of new and used cars. Shine on camera, as you create and send personalised video presentations to potential customers. Co-ordinate the order and delivery of vehicles and keep everything running smoothly. Meet those monthly sales expectations and customer experience standards like a boss. Work as part of a dynamic team to make sure deadlines are met and we always make good on our promises. Stay in touch with our customers to offer them a great aftersales experience. Make sure you’re on the ball, honest and reliable, staying fully compliant with Finance Conduct Authority legislation. What we need from you…  Whether you’ve worked in retail, a call centre or a sales environment, you’ll need a proven ability to deliver fantastic customer service. It’s been the foundation of the company since 1954. Fantastic communication, organisation and people skills – we want people who love what they do! Bags of energy and enthusiasm. An understanding that being organised and remembering the little details helps us to deliver our promises and exceed expectations. The desire to have a career that’s lasting and fulfilling. A full driving licence. If you think you’re the right person for this fantastic new opportunity, apply online now. We’re looking forward to meeting you.Employment within the Arnold Clark Group is offered subject to satisfactory reference and disclosure check.   Benefits Every Arnold Clark employee is entitled to a wide range of benefits, including: Discount on new and used vehicles Contributory pension scheme Private medical insurance Life assurance  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£35,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"342"	342	"Business Administrator"	" This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well-established engineering business. Our client requires an experienced Administrator who has experience of dealing with suppliers and processing purchase order and who can provide excellent support within the company. Responsibilities: Checking incoming sales orders against quotations or previous purchases Check pricing from manufacturer/order quantity and lead time Working with relevant sales people to ensure good customer support Process sales order or raise purchase orders as generated by our systems Process purchase orders in a cost-effective manner Progress chase purchase orders Other office duties including taking calls and assisting with invoices Requirements: A background in Sales Order Processing or Purchase Order Processing Good IT skills Excellent communicator Ability to work in a busy environment and prioritise workload Can work on own and as part of a team Job Type: Full-time Salary: £20,000.00 to £24,000.00 /year "	"Jarrow"	NA	"£20,000 - £24,000 a year"	-1.4810622	54.9819481
"343"	343	"Mechanised Print Finishing Apprenticeship"	"By the end of this qualification, the successful applicant will understand the importance of Health & Safety during the execution of his / her daily tasks. The applicant will have experienced personal development, whilst gaining an overview of the print industry Training will cover employment rights & responsibilities, productivity measurement and how to improve it. The applicant will be aware of how to achieve and maintain quality, as well as understanding quality systems They will have gained an understanding of the main printing processes and how to set up & control finishing equipment, including output and quality, through the implementation of planned, preventative maintenance and their impact on individual and organisational performance To maintain a clean and tidy work environment, ensuring that all appropriate Health and Safety regulations are adhered to Requirements and prospects Desired skills IT (Microsoft excel, word, outlook). Excellent numeracy and literacy skills. Good communication skills and a sharp eye for details.  Personal qualities Organised with good self time-management skills Determined and resilient Committed with a good work ethic Team player and also able to work under own initiative Proactive – anticipating change and consequences, as well as reactive and responsive to last minute demands Patient and keen to learn Confident Flexible attitude toward working hours, recognising the requirement to stay until a task is completed Desired qualifications 5 x GCSE’s (Grades A-C or 9 – 4) minimum. Must include maths and English  Future prospects Successful apprentices have moved through various departments, post course completion, to take up different roles in the business. Some have even moved from production into administrative jobs, bringing their production skills and knowledge into a customer relationship role, where they can act as trusted advisers and guide our clients through their purchasing requirements.  Things to consider Important Other Information  Vacancy will close early if the right candidate is found - apply early to avoid disappointment  Please note you may be contacted via e-mail for interview  The National Minimum Wage (NMW) for Apprentices is £3.90 per hour. This applies to 16-18 year old Apprentices and those aged 19 and over in the first year of their Apprenticeship. For all other Apprentices the Apprentice National Minimum wage appropriate to their age applies.  The Wage for Apprentices applies to both time spent on the job plus time spent training.  On-site assessments and a portfolio of evidence will be necessary to show work place learning.  Full health and safety training will be given and PPE supplied."	"Washington "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"344"	344	"Fitness Assistant"	" Do you love fitness? Could a career in personal training at an Industry leading gym be just what you are looking for? Are you an achiever at a high level of sport? (Running club, Dance, Boxing, Rugby, Football) We want to hear from you! We are seeking Trainee Personal Trainers £13-45k + Job Type / Category A career in the fitness industry can be extremely rewarding and could be the perfect job for you. Upon your application with Direct Fitness, you will be offered an exclusive place to gain the nationally recognised - Level 3 Diploma in Fitness Instructing and Personal Training with Additional extras such as: Group Cycle - Spinning Boxercise Business management Circuit training Required Education, Skills and Qualifications No experience necessary but a passion for sport and well-being is essential Simply apply with your CV and we will be in touch We are proud to partner up with leading health and fitness operators in the UK to offer graduates a wide range of job opportunities in order to maintain a successful career in the fitness industry. Starting with arranged interviews with our leading gym partners: The Gym Group, Pure gym, Xercise 4 Less, DW Fitness, Total Fitness, Lifestyle Fitness JD Gyms and many more. Job Type: Full-time "	"South Shields"	NA	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"345"	345	"Administration Assistant"	" Durham County Council: Administrative Officer: £9.36 an hour Address of Vacancy: Consett Hub Beechdale Road Consett Durham DH8 6AY To provide a comprehensive, robust administrative support service to support to the One Point Service and Family First Team members to assist them to deliver a high quality service, which meets the needs of children, young people and families. Notes: This administrative role would particularly benefit from candidates with some finance experience. Start Date: 28th May 2019 End Date: 31st Dec 2019 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.36 /hour Experience: Administration: 1 year (Preferred) Finance: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£9.36 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"346"	346	"Team Leader"	"   Lifeways is one of the largest suppliers of Care in the UK.  We are recruiting for a Team Leader to work in Lifeways Community Care Tyne and Wear Area, in one of our supported living schemes based at Church View, Southwick. Church View supports twenty four people with a range of needs, in independent apartments and bungalows on site, providing 24/7 support. The Team Leader will be required to work all shifts on the rota.  ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Job Purpose: To work with the Scheme Manager for the Locality to oversee a supported living service, ensuring that systems and standards are maintained to a high quality. To ensure compliance with all external regulatory standards and quality. To provide support and supervision of Support Workers within the identified team. Key Responsibilities: To support and supervise the delivery of person centred services to all people using the service To support the Service Manager in the completion of accurate rota and timesheet information To attend meetings and multi-disciplinary reviews as required To promote and support the health and safety of both people using the service and support staff To ensure that the actions of all staff directly supporting people using the service support their care, protection and well-being To develop own knowledge and practice relative to continuous service improvement To provide support and supervision to Support Workers, to ensure effective and efficient person centred service delivery To work alongside staff on shift to observe practice and quality Essential Experience and Qualifications -  Ideally you will hold an NVQ / SVQ 3 or a QCF level 3 award certificate or diploma in Health and Social Care or equivalent, and have relevant experience preferably within the relevant field. You will have supervisory responsibilities therefore previous management/supervisory experience is essential.  A full, clean driving licence is desirable.  In this role you will be required to be highly flexible and participate in the 24 hour on-call rotational system providing management support to staff and person-centred approaches to the people who use our service.  When applying for a role with Lifeways Group the information you provide will be used for recruitment purposes only, this information will be stored for 12 months and deleted unless you give permission for your information to be stored for longer. Full details on the Lifeways Privacy Notice can be found by following this link: https://jobs.lifeways.co.uk/privacy_notice-3608.html  "	"Tyne and Wear"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.566667	54.916667
"347"	347	"Crew Member Part Time Northumberland Street"	"  Join us and you'll become part of a crew, or a team, that works together to provide the best quick service, family restaurant experience – by far. If you've visited one of our restaurants before, you’ve probably got some idea of what's involved in working here. But you might not realise the variety and scope of the role. We want every McDonald's customer to have a brilliant experience, every time they visit. That means hot food in a clean and friendly restaurant. As a Crew Member, you'll make it happen, whether you're preparing food, serving on the till or being out in the dining areas looking after our customers' needs. A franchised restaurant is a restaurant operated by a local business person trading under the McDonald's name. Currently over half of our restaurants in the UK are franchised but from a customer point of view there's no difference. For employees there will be minor differences between a company and a franchised restaurant. Please refer to additional information for more details. Position Requirements Quite simply, you'll be working in our fast moving, high energy environment and we’re looking for a genuine smile plus an ability to connect with customers and make them feel valued. Position Attributes To join us as a Crew Member you’ll need to be confident in approaching and dealing with diverse groups of people. Friendly, courteous and helpful behaviour will come naturally to you and you’ll work well as part of a team. Effective communication skills such as attentive listening, face-to-face verbal communication and eye contact are a must. You’ll also need to understand the importance of maintaining high standards of quality and service as well as cleanliness. The ability to maintain high energy levels whilst working both efficiently and productively is essential. Finally, your appearance should be smart and clean.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"348"	348	"Mate - M&E"	" The Facilities Management team at Coleman James are seeking 2 M&E Mates for contract roles in Newcastle upon Tyne. The day to day responsibilities will include maintenance work, working alongside mechanical and electrical maintenance technicians on a large static site. Basic plumbing, electrics, repairs, maintenance, small projects. They client is looking for applicants with mechanical and/or electrical experience. Ideally from a maintenance background or m&e background. This is shift work 2 day 2 nights 5 off. Must be willing to work both days and nights (4 x 12 hour shifts). Initially the role is for 3 months, could go longer for the right candidate. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £10.50 to £11.50 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£10.50 - £11.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"349"	349	"24hr Supervisor, Kurt Geiger, Metrocentre"	" Are you Driven? Passionate? Captivating? Engaging?…. And LOVE fashion?  Yes… well, we are Kurt Geiger and we think you could be too!  Kurt Geiger first opened in Britain’s fashion capital on Bond Street, London in 1963. Since the Sixties Kurt Geiger has not stood still as it continuously evolves to make covetable footwear and accessories with a unique market position, pairing aspiration with accessibility.  We are Europe’s leading luxury shoe and accessory retailer and we are looking for the next generation of talent to join our business.  WE NEED YOU TO: Ensure the customer service is of the highest standards at all times Handle all stock effectively and ensure back of house standards are maintained Support your Management Team in achieving company sales targets and operational goals Be a role model for our brand with our personal presentation standards Maintain store visual standards Requirements As a supervisor with Kurt Geiger, you will drive sales with your passion for luxury footwear, support the team and be a fabulous service ambassador whilst representing our dynamic and innovative brand. Using your extensive retail knowledge and excellent communication skills, you will form long lasting relationships with customers and your team. Delivering the very best shopping experience for our customers, you will proactively support back of house operations and create a seamless shop floor experience, whilst supporting the management team where needed. To be successful, you will be an experienced seller with KPI knowledge, able to meet and exceed targets in a retail environment and have experience of supervising a team. Benefits Pension Scheme Amazing employee discounts "	"Metrocentre"	NA	NA	-1.664932	54.9588888
"350"	350	"Experienced Croupiers"	" Do you want to experience working for the most innovative & nimble organisation within the Gambling industry? Do you know how to inspire excellence in customer service? If the answer to these questions is YES, then we want to hear from you. We are currently seeking to recruit experienced Gaming professionals for the positions of Croupiers for our highly successful and exciting Aspers Newcastle at the Gate site. Aspers Croupiers are empowered to service the operation of the live gaming floor. The successful applications will be responsible for ensuring that Aspers core service values are demonstrated through the provision of an exciting and exceptional customer experience. Croupiers will be well presented; be focused on providing a positive service culture; display the expected professional behaviours as well as maintain game efficiency, integrity, and consistency. Selection Criteria: PFL holder Customer Service experienced and focused A minimum of 12 months live gaming table experience If you are interested in applying for these positions and possess the necessary skills and attitude, please forward your updated curriculum vitae, together with a letter of application. Job Type: Full-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"351"	351	"Supervisor - Fashion Retail"	" The Supervisor role assumes the leadership of the store in the store Managers absence. We expect our people to bring their own high standards and continually raise the bar across all areas of their role. You will not be micro managed and will have to be able to take direction whilst owning the direction with your teams. You will be remote from Head Office in Newcastle. We expect you to be proactive, self motivated, resilient, driven and have a track record of taking accountability – ownership and personal responsibility and very important to us. We need you to have demonstrable experience a fast paced and customer centric environment, fashion would be real bonus as this role is fully immersed in the details of retail, including selling, KPI’s, hiring great people, building a team and ensuring financial discipline. An airport is a unique trading environment. The trading hours are longer than the high street and your team are time pressured. Its also lots of fun, very interesting and has the added bonus of always knowing how many customers are coming through the door and pretty much exactly when. ARG are ambitious and have a strong desire to grow our business in the UK through driving continuous improvement in our stores. The outcomes we expect from this role reflect this. Store Manager is a key role so we are looking for someone who has all of the competencies we need, in abundance. These are outlined below. If you think you are in the top 10% of your kind in your game and can deliver what we need - please apply! Mission: To continuously drive store performance through driving top line sales, controlling costs, maintaining financial discipline and creating an amazing team. Working with the Store Manager to develop, drive and deliver your store strategy to ensure you deliver store objectives and KPI’s. Outcomes Grow top line store salesControl the cost budgets within targetsSell, Sell, SellContribute to developing an amazing teamDrive financial disciplineCommunicateStrategise Communication & Relationships– understands the importance of communication and relationship building in business. Speaks and writes clearly to all levels, is articulate and not overly verbose, understands their audience. High Standards– believes in themselves and believes they can achieve more and better, can determine what’s required to raise the bar, articulate this, get buy-in and drive continuous improvement. Ability to sell– makes the customer the heart of everything and can infect their team with this strategy. Responsible & Reliable– can get the job done particularly under pressure and is still able to deliver the goals and objectives. Accountable– makes sounds decisions and takes accountability for the outcomes. Culture- committed to team work. A floor manager who leads by example. Is able to take direction, make it their own and work as a team to deliver. Think FASHION!– has an eye for what works well, what the latest trends are and is able to articulate why something is either selling or not selling. Represents the brand at all times. Enthusiasm– committed to a growing business and bringing positivity at all times. Respect & Honesty- Ethically strong, earns trust, maintains confidence, does what is right, speaks plainly and truthfully. Points for the Candidates Consideration: We are a 24 hour operation committed to open at the Airport’s request. This means opening hours that include early mornings/late evenings and on national holidays. Due to these opening hours and the requirement to remain flexible in this position, independent transport is required.Airport Regulations require successful candidates to pass Criminal Record Checks and supply a professional/educational history of 5 years without any gaps longer than 2 weeks. We are unable to consider any applicants that would be unable to fulfill these criteria.Due to the expected number of applicants, unsuccessful candidates will not be contacted. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Retail Management: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"352"	352	"DRIVER/LABOURER"	" Preparing orders, loading and unloading vehicles using manual handling and delivering orders on a 7.5 ton truck as required to various addresses and destinations within a 50 mile radius. Your duties will also involve loading and unloading of incoming and outgoing vehicles by either manual handling or fork lift truck and if required to serve customers in the timber yard. You will be responsible for keeping daily driver records, vehicle checks and keeping the vehicles in a clean and tidy condition. Your CPC must be up to date. You may from time to time be required to carry out other such reasonable duties as the Employer may decide, without additional remuneration, should this be necessary to meet the needs of the business. Working hours are - Monday - Friday 8.00-16.30 & Sat 8.30-12.30 Job Type: Full-time Experience: fork lift truck: 5 years (Preferred) driving: 10 years (Required) Licence: Driving License (Required) CPC (Driver Certificate of Professional Competence) (Required) Forklift Licence (Preferred) "	"Sunderland"	NA	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"353"	353	"Full Time Front Of House"	" We are currently looking for a full time member of staff to join our front of house team at The Red Kite. The role will entail bar and restaurant work with development opportunities possible for the right candidate. Ideally you will be confident and motivated and have excellent customer service skills. You need to be able to work at pace at times, have a smile on your face and have an eye for detail with high standards.You will be available to work various hours as the pub opens at 10am and closes at midnight at weekends so shifts may be days or evenings and includes weekends, bank holidays and Christmas. Having your own transport would be beneficial due to the location as finish times will on occasions be after bus service times. Previous applicants need not apply and all applicants must have proven experience within a similar role. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Hospitality: 1 year (Required)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Required)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)Language: English (Required)"	"Winlaton"	NA	NA	-1.7260494	54.9509317
"354"	354	"Apprentice - Customer Services"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week £3.90 per hour (NMW in second year for 19+)    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186831    Employment Location:  Salvus House, Aykley Head, Durham    Post Number:  REAL19-153    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information An opportunity has arisen for an Apprentice to work within Business Durham, the County Council's economic development organisation, to study and achieve the Customer Service Level 3 standard during the duration of the apprenticeship which is 2 years. Whilst this post is based in the Business Durham headquarters located at Salvus House, Aykley Heads, Durham the post involves working with the three teams in Business Durham across numerous sites, and provides a great opportunity to develop your customer services in an interesting and varied working environment The successful candidate will develop the skills to provide a reception and general clerical support function at the Business Durham Business Centres Applicants should either have or expect to achieve 4 GCSE’s including Maths and English Language grades 9-4/A-C or Level 2 in literacy and numeracy (or equivalent). Interviews are scheduled to be held week commencing 17 June 2019. For further information regarding the post, please contact Judith Crow on 03000 265737 or via email at judith.crow@durham.gov.uk As a disability confident employer, we are committed to employing disabled people and people with health conditions making reasonable adjustments to support disabled applicants when required. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 03000 268153/264223 or email hrREAL@durham.gov.uk "	"Durham"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"355"	355	"Hair Extension Assistant/Sales Assistant"	" Foxy Hair Extensions are seeking to employ a Hair Extension Assistant/Sales Assistant for its Gateshead Intu Metrocentre Store. This position is a part time permanent position. Hours of work will be: Wednesday and Thursday evenings 5pm-9pm and alternative Saturday (9am-5pm or 11am-7pm), alternative Sunday (11am-5pm). Total hours per week 14-15. Full training is provided but we do require the successful candidate to hold at least an NVQ Level 2 in Hairdressing (or be working towards it) and retail sales experience is preferred. The successful candidate must have a strong work ethic and outgoing personality, the ability to communicate well and be an excellent team player. The role will involve assisting our Hair Extensions Stylists in: The correct and safe removal of hair extensions Maintenance of hair extensions Colour matching Clip in hair fittings Blow-drying/styling You will also be required to serve customers, advise them on our products and aftercare instructions, work the till, communicate via telephone and email and take bookings. Please include a cover note/letter with your application. Please note: we can't progress any applicants who are not working towards, or do not hold an NVQ level 2 in Hairdressing. Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Experience: Retail Sales: 1 year (Preferred) Hairdressing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Certificate of Higher Education (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Gateshead"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"356"	356	"Mechanical Draughtsperson"	"Position Summary: AAF International is a global leader in the design and manufacture of Air Filtration systems, Acoustic systems and associated products & services. Supplying to markets such as the Gas Turbine (Oil & Gas / Power Generation), Engine, Nuclear and Industrial air pollution control sectors. We are currently recruiting for a Mechanical Draughtsperson within our Power & Industrial (P&I) Division in Cramlington, Northumberland. Reporting to the Technical Team Leader the post holder will be required to perform a variety of tasks which will include producing and checking engineering drawings using the AAF 2D, 3D software systems and internal procedures. Position Responsibilities Summary:Plan, perform, monitor and report on the day-to-day tasks assigned for the allocated project tasks. Complete allocated project tasks within agreed timescales, allocated cost and to the required technical accuracy. Coordinate draughting tasks with overseas resources, including checking and approval of completed models and drawings. Ensure that the work allocated is completed in accordance with AAF Contract Specification Requirements. Assist the Technical Team Leader in determining the required execution strategy of the project tasks. Participate in cost reduction and lead time reduction meetings and initiatives. Be involved in departmental start-up meetings and provide feedback as necessary ensuring a proactive approach.  Please Note: Global travel may be a requirement of this role. Person Specification: Education, Qualifications and Affiliations EssentialApprenticeship / Level 3 in Mechanical Engineering or other relevant technical subject. DesirableHNC in Mechanical Engineering or other relevant technical subject. Experience EssentialDemonstrable experience in a similar role producing drawings in line with technical specifications. Experience of AutoCAD and Inventor software packages. Fully proficient with Microsoft Office package (Word, Excel etc).  DesirableExperience in the use of software systems e.g. ANSYS. Site surveying experience. Experience in industries such as oil and gas, marine and power generation. To have worked for previous business involved in fabrication, sheet metal work and welding.  Skills EssentialAble to work under pressure on multiple tasks simultaneously. DesirableAble to perform hand calculations. Applications Please note that AAF does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AAF will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AAF explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AAF."	"Cramlington"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"357"	357	"Stroke Association Support Coordinator"	"     We’re looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join our team in Gateshead covering South Tyneside.  Working closely with the hospital and community multi-disciplinary teams, you will provide emotional and practical support to stroke survivors, their families and carers.  Reporting to the Regional Management Team, the Stroke Association Support Coordinator will: Provide support and information to stroke survivors and their families both on the ward and at home.Assess the needs of each stroke survivor and their family.Aim to reduce the risk of further strokes by supporting people to make lifestyle changes based on their identified risk factors.Help them to set personal goals and work towards them. The service operates within South Tyneside and the surrounding areas, with referrals being received from the Community Stroke Team, families and other healthcare professionals.  Applicants are likely to have a background in the caring profession, preferably with knowledge of stroke. They should have all round flexible skills in listening, communication, organisation, IT and resourcefulness.  The role will require you to have your own car with business use cover and a current driving licence.      Applying   Please complete and submit the application form and disclosure and criminal convictions check form. CVs will not be accepted. For assistance in completing the application form please refer to the guidance. For more information on how we use the information you have provided and the legal basis upon which we rely to process the personal information you have provided in this form, please see our job applicant privacy notice.  Email the completed application form to neadmin@stroke.org.uk by midnight on the closing date, 31 May 2019. Interviews are being held on 7 June 2019.  The Stroke Association is an equal opportunities employer, to enable us to fulfil our responsibilities please complete the equal opportunities form and email it to equalops@stroke.org.uk which is managed by our HR team. Do not send it with your application or send your application to this email address.  If you have any queries please email the HR team at recruitment@stroke.org.uk  If you’re still unsure about applying for a role with us or just want to get an idea of the benefits of doing so please visit the benefits page or see what we do.     "	"South Tyneside"	"Part-time"	"£13,800 a year"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"358"	358	"Buyer"	"   The successful candidate will be making key decisions throughout the buying process including Selecting new products and reviewing existing. Supplier Pre-Qualification. Negotiating prices. Ensuring the products are delivered on time. Helping to interpret SAP – MRP reporting to ensure demand is satisfied. Pitching ideas to senior management Stock control. Budgeting. Reacting to any changes in customer demand. Maintaining relationships with existing suppliers while seeking new ones. Liaising with internal customers. The Person  Previous experience within a Purchasing Environment. Must have a strong personality. Self-motivated. Able to be flexible in their approach to the position. Work well under pressure. CIPS qualified. Advantageous - Experience of SAP and MRP.   "	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"359"	359	"Bar & Restaurant Attendant - Gosforth Park"	" Bar & Restaurant Attendant – Grand Hotel Gosforth Park Why wait to make your next career move? Apply now and you could be working at Newcastle’s Grand Hotel Gosforth Park! Set in 12 acres of parkland next to Newcastle Racecourse, the Grand Hotel Gosforth Park is just 10 minutes’ drive from Newcastle’s centre. It offers luxurious, modern rooms and superb leisure facilities. Due to continued expansion, we are looking for a Bar & Restaurant Attendant who wants to move forward in their career. You will be required to serve food & beverages to all guests in a professional and friendly manner as well as being responsible for the general tidiness of the Bar & Restaurant facilities. The ideal candidate will be organised, punctual and well presented, with excellent communication skills and customer service. This position is available on Full Time and Part Time basis. This position offers the opportunity for you to take initiative in this exciting new role! In return for your commitment, we will support you in this new opportunity, with  Up to 28 days holiday including bank holidays per annum Meals on duty (Subject to eligibility) Uniform (Subject to position) Accelerated promotional prospects The Elite Venue Selection are an Equal Opportunities employer and applicants from non-EEC countries will require work permits or permission to work issued by the Home Office. The Elite Venue Selection will not recognise any submissions related to unsolicited applications and no agency fees will apply in relation to such submissions. If an agency submits an unsolicited CV to any director or employee of our company, we will not accept liability for commissions or other charges if we subsequently employ that candidate whether directly or through another agency. Where an agency’s correspondence contains a disclaimer indicating otherwise, our policy will prevail in this regard. Positions are open to all suitably qualified candidates, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, race, religion or belief, candidates of any sexes or sexual orientation. All vacancies are posted both externally and internally on a weekly basis to ensure access to all applicants. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Experience: Restaurant: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"360"	360	"Crew Member Part Time Metro Centre Yellow"	"  Join us and you'll become part of a crew, or a team, that works together to provide the best quick service, family restaurant experience – by far. If you've visited one of our restaurants before, you’ve probably got some idea of what's involved in working here. But you might not realise the variety and scope of the role. We want every McDonald's customer to have a brilliant experience, every time they visit. That means hot food in a clean and friendly restaurant. As a Crew Member, you'll make it happen, whether you're preparing food, serving on the till or being out in the dining areas looking after our customers' needs. A franchised restaurant is a restaurant operated by a local business person trading under the McDonald's name. Currently over half of our restaurants in the UK are franchised but from a customer point of view there's no difference. For employees there will be minor differences between a company and a franchised restaurant. Please refer to additional information for more details. Position Requirements Quite simply, you'll be working in our fast moving, high energy environment and we’re looking for a genuine smile plus an ability to connect with customers and make them feel valued. Position Attributes To join us as a Crew Member you’ll need to be confident in approaching and dealing with diverse groups of people. Friendly, courteous and helpful behaviour will come naturally to you and you’ll work well as part of a team. Effective communication skills such as attentive listening, face-to-face verbal communication and eye contact are a must. You’ll also need to understand the importance of maintaining high standards of quality and service as well as cleanliness. The ability to maintain high energy levels whilst working both efficiently and productively is essential. Finally, your appearance should be smart and clean.   "	"Gateshead "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"361"	361	"Wheelchair Therapist"	"NORTHUMBRIA HEALTH CARE NHS FOUNDATION TRUST Job Title: Wheelchair Therapist…. Business Unit: Community Services Business Unit Department: Wheelchair Services, Location: based at Victoria Therapy Centre - Hawkey’s Lane, North Shields Band & Salary: Band 6 Hours: 37.5 hours per week Contract Type: Fixed Term Contract for 6 months CONTENT: Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is the local NHS organisation providing primary care and community health care services to the people of Northumberland and North Tyneside. We plan, deliver and commission a wide range of health care and treatment to meet the health needs of local people and we are looking to recruit people who can meet our expectations of delivering a first class health service.  Helping someone discover their mobility and freedom is an incredible feeling. It never fails to bring a huge sense of fulfilment – as the team at our North Tyneside Wheelchair Services know well.  We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated Occupational Therapist or Physiotherapist to join our North Tyneside team to provide assessments of adults and children and the provision of long term wheelchairs, accessories, and postural seating, to meet their mobility needs.  The service is provided in client’s homes and within a clinic environment. The post holder will be responsible for managing a complex case load and will need to demonstrate a high level of clinical skills, excellent communications skills, and a commitment to patient centred care.  The post will be subject to a probationary period. Internal applicants are exempt from the probationary period (unless you are an internal applicant currently part way through a probationary period or currently a bank member of staff)  The post will be subject to a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check.  The post will be based within Victoria Therapy Centre, Hawkey’s Lane, North Shields, however the post holder may be required to work at other sites within the Trust. The post is subject to the Agenda for Change: NHS Terms and Conditions of Service Handbook.  Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is committed to ensuring a safe and high quality of patient care underpinned by our Trust values. It is expected that all employees demonstrate their commitment to these in their daily activity. In addition to this you may be asked ‘Value-based’ interview questions at interview.  PLEASE NOTE POSTS CLOSE AT MIDNIGHT ON THE CLOSING DATE  The successful post holder must be able to role model compassionate and inclusive leadership in order to shape the creation of a collective leadership culture within the Trust. For further information please contact: Emma Jensen: 0191 2934048 Or Shaun Fearon: 0191 2828090.  If applicants have not heard by one month after the closing date they have not been successful. Closing date: 26th May 2019 Essential Criteria: Diploma or degree in Occupational Therapy or Physiotherapy.  Registered with Health & Care Professions Council"	"North Shields "	NA	"£30,401 - £37,267 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"362"	362	"Teaching Assistants Level 2 – Hexham Priory Special School"	"Part of the Eden Academy Trust family of schools, Hexham Priory is a school for pupils with complex learning difficulties aged 2 to 19 years. The Local Advisory Board is seeking to appoint Level Two Teaching Assistants with immediate effect.  Previous experience of working with children and/or working with children or young people with learning disabilities is desirable. The successful applicant must be able to work as part of a team as well as being able to use initiative when appropriate. The successful candidates will be expected to work with pupils of all ages and to undertake all activities as required during their time at the school.  The successful candidates will work under the guidance of teaching and senior staff to support access to learning for pupils and provide general support to the class in the management of pupils. Work may be carried out in the classroom or outside the normal teaching area, which may include swimming, riding for the disabled etc. The candidate must have GCSE Grades 5-9 in English and Maths (or equivalent) and good IT skills.  These posts are variable hours’ contracts between 21 and 35 hours - initially for 35 hours per week.  Permanent and fixed term contracts available.  We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment. An enhanced criminal records check is required for this post.  Further information about the school can be found on our website – www.hexhamprioryschool.co.uk .  An application pack, including an application form, is available to download below. Please ensure that application form and criminal records declaration form are all completed and returned to enable the application to be considered. Application forms should also include the email addresses of your referees.  Completed application forms should be returned directly to the school by e-mail, no later than midday on 3 June 2019. Interviews will take place in the week beginning 17 June 2019. Shortlisted applicants will have the opportunity to view the school and sign the application forms prior to interview. School Name: Hexham Priory School Full address: Corbridge Road, Hexham Postcode: NE46 1UY Tel.: 01434 605021 e-mail: admin@hexham.northumberland.sch.uk Website address: www.hexhamprioryschool.co.uk"	"Morpeth "	"Temporary"	"£15,274 - £15,580 a year"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"363"	363	"Valuation & Professional Services Surveyor"	" An opportunity has arisen to join the growing Valuation and Professional Services department within our leading commercial & residential property consultancy business. Candidates will be involved in a variety of valuation and professional instructions which will enable them to gain valuable experience over a broad range of service lines. The role will involve working directly with clients to provide RICS Red Book Valuations as well as undertaking a variety of lease renewals, rent review negotiations and providing advice to clients accordingly. Bradley Hall is an established group of companies offering a complete suite of professional property services. We have an extensive list of existing clients and regularly secure new clients through satisfied customers referrals. We value drive and ambition and seek to offer a high level of service with commercial awareness and quality as standard. The candidate will work under the direction of the Head of Valuation & Professional Services and alongside our experienced team of surveying based in our Newcastle city centre office. The ideal candidate will have the following attributes: A minimum of a 2:1 grade in a RICS accredited degree (Graduate role) Newly MRICS qualified (preferred but not essential as APC training will be offered) Motivated and commercially aware Excellent report writing and presentation skills This will be a challenging and rewarding role with a rapidly expanding firm with an excellent existing client base across Europe. Competitive salary, negotiable depending on experience + bonus + benefits. For a confidential discussion please feel free to contact Richard Rafique at Bradley Hall (0191 232 8080). Job Type: Full-time Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"364"	364	"Workshop Administrator - PRS21208"	"  Workshop Administrator  GatesheadFull Time / Permanent (40 hour week)  Monday – Friday 08.00- 16.30, with an unpaid lunch break of half an hour.  Salary is negotiable dependent on experience (guide £18-24,000 per annum)  We are actively seeking to recruit an experienced Automotive Aftersales Administrator to join our Clients franchised commercial vehicle dealership in the Gateshead area as a Motor Trade Workshop Administrator.  The role is based working within a very busy commercial dealer workshop environment with a friendly team.  SPECIFICATION: To complete paperwork to ensure efficient and timely process of all job cards & inspection sheets, Organising workload with Service Reception.  TO APPLY: Candidates must have experience within a similar role. Have some automotive industry knowledge Commercial vehicle (heavy goods, LGV/HGV or LCV) experience advantageous Hold a full UK Driving Licence  We would like to hear from candidates at various experience levels within the motor trade, salary is negotiable dependent on experience which would be discussed at the interview with the Client.  For further details or to apply please contact Laura at Progress Recruitment quoting ref: PRS21208   "	"Tyne and Wear"	NA	"£20,000 - £30,000 a year"	-1.566667	54.916667
"365"	365	"Clerk Typist"	" Clerk Typist Location: Sunderland, SR2 Pay Rate: £8.82ph Contract: Temporary Start Date: Immediately Hours: 22.5 hours a week, ideally Wednesday, Thursday and Friday Compliance: - Job Description:  Clerk Typist required immediately for a temporary contract Skills required are basic literacy, numeracy and customer service skills. IT skills required including use of Microsoft Office applications and operation of standard office equipment. To apply, please send in your CV. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £8.75 to £8.82 /hour Experience: administration: 3 years (Preferred)Location: Sunderland, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	"Temporary"	"£8.75 - £8.82 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"366"	366	"Starbucks Shift Supervisor"	"   Who are Euro Garages?  If you haven’t already heard of us or visited one of our amazing stores, then here’s what you need to know about us… We are one of the UK’s fastest growing and most recognised forecourt operators and we are partnered with all of your well known favourite brands including Starbucks, KFC, Greggs, Subway and Burger King!  Our employees are at the heart of what we do and we owe our success to our fantastic teams, that’s why we need passionate, motivated and customer focused people like you to join our EG family! Put it this way, we started out with one petrol station in 2001 and have since acquired over 360 UK sites and now have a huge presence across Europe, US, Italy and Germany … so the progression opportunities are endless!  What will my role look like?  Our Starbucks stores have become a beacon for coffee lovers everywhere and our baristas are the reason our customers can count on a genuine service, an inviting atmosphere and a superb cup of expertly roasted and richly brewed coffee every time. Every day you can work towards achieving two things: sharing great coffee with our friends and help make communities a little better…get to know us and you’ll see, we are so much more than what we brew!  As a Starbucks Supervisor you will use your initiative to ensure the store runs smoothly and all of our customers leave feeling happy and satisfied with the service provided. You will lead and motivate the team and also delegate responsibility. Don’t worry, you still get to become an expert in coffee and prepare all of our popular products but this is a chance for you to learn the management ropes and learn what it takes to supervise and manage a store effectively!  Our stores are modern and stylish and we need passionate, friendly and motivated employees to make them even better. If you love to lead and motivate a team, work in a fast paced vibrant store, engage with different people every day, feel like part of a family and have fun then this role is perfect for you!  What would my main responsibilities be?   Lead and motivate the team to achieve amazing results  Work closely with the store manager to drive sales and increase profitability  Provide a fantastic customer service experience and make every moment right Be happy, friendly, smile and have fun Prepare and serve our popular truly loved products  Ensure that our stores look presentable and vibrant Do I have what it takes?  Of course you do! We are looking for passionate individuals who have some supervisory / team leader experience… or if you have an amazing customer service background and are looking to take the next step then we want to hear from you! We will upskill you and ensure you trained to the highest standards. As long as you are customer focused, aren’t afraid of hard work and thrive in a fun environment then you definitely have what it takes!  What’s in it for me?  Learning & Development - We are committed to helping you develop new skills to be the best version of you!  Competitive Hourly Rate & Contracted Hours – We offer competitive hourly rates above national minimum wage. We offer contracted hours so you will be guaranteed hours!  Our People - You will work alongside our amazing employees, have fun and be a part of our family  Employee Discounts - You will be entitled to a free on shift beverage! (Terms & conditions apply)  Recognition & Bonus Schemes – We know a hard worker when we see one! If you are our employee of the month, expect a reward! If your store performs well then you could be entitled to a well-deserved bonus!  Progression & Career Opportunities – We look to promote and progress our employees within the business and also have other high profile brands you could potentially move into… the opportunities really are endless with Euro Garages  Childcare Vouchers – We have a childcare voucher scheme in place to offer support to parents  Compassionate Leave – We care about our employees and offer 3 days paid compassionate leave  Barista Championships – This is a chance to showcase your latte art skills at the national Starbucks Barista Championships. Once a year you will have the opportunity to enter the competition to become the ultimate Starbucks barista champion by showcasing your skills!  APPLY NOW and start your fantastic career as our Starbucks Supervisor! We pride ourselves on training, development and progression so this application is just the start!  "	"Hexham "	"Part-time"	NA	-2.1017927	54.971478
"367"	367	"Depot Fitter"	" We are looking for a Car, 4x4 & Van fitter to join our new site on the Team Valley responsibility's will include: Fitting Car, 4X4 & Van tyres Accepting Deliveries Answering Customer & Supplier Calls Putting Stock Away Keeping the depot clean & tidy Greeting Customers Quoting for work Job Type: Full-time Experience: Tyre Fitting: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"368"	368	"Apprentice - Technical Theatre"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Fixed Term    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week (£3.90 per hour) -NMW in the second year for 19+    Hours per week:  37.00    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186767    Employment Location:  Gala Theatre, Durham    Post Number:  REAL19-149    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information You will assist in the efficient and effective delivery of all productions and events taking place at Gala or as part of the Festivals programme; contributing, as necessary, to the overall success of the service area and the organisation as a whole. Duties will include assisting in the delivery of productions and events taking place at Gala, or as part of the Festivals & Events programme, including liaison with visiting companies, and ensuring that all events are delivered effectively and efficiently, including the effective operation of all technical equipment. Required Qualifications: You must have or expect to achieve 4 GCSE’s including English Language or Literature and Maths at grades A*-C/9-4 (or equivalent in a relevant subject area) As a disability confident employer, we are committed to employing disabled people and people with health conditions making reasonable adjustments to support disabled applicants when required. For further information about the post please contact: James Holgate, Production & Technical Manager on tel. no. 03000 264427 or email james.holgate@durham.gov.uk Apply on-line via the jobs portal or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on telephone no. 03000 268153 / 264223 or email hrreal@durham.gov.uk Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. In line with the County Council’s Recruitment & Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CV’s. Any information provided on CV’s will not be considered for short-listing purposes. "	"Durham"	"Contract, Apprenticeship"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"369"	369	"Support Workers"	"   The Support Worker role will involve providing first class supported to adults with learning disabilities and challenging behaviours.  Candidates will be required to work a variety of shifts including earlies, lates, nights and weekends as well as sleep-overs.  The role requires the successful candidate to be of a caring and supportive nature and be able to deliver person-centred support to a range of diverse and individual service users.  The successful candidate will be joining a well-established team and therefore the ability to work as part of diverse and multi-skilled team is essential.  Lifeways offers all new members of staff paid induction training and a commitment to on-going training and personal development is encouraged.  What we offer: Initial and on-going paid training Permanent positions with guaranteed hours and Sessional contracts available DBS check paid for by the company Personal and career development opportunities A truly rewarding career within a modern and industry leading environment What skills you will need: You will be passionate about providing the best possible support to service users You will display natural empathy and compassion for others You will be hardworking and be flexible You will be reliable and someone who goes the extra mile When applying for a role with Lifeways Group the information you provide will be used for recruitment purposes only, this information will be stored for 12 months and deleted unless you give permission for your information to be stored for longer. Full details on the Lifeways Privacy Notice can be found by following this link: https://jobs.lifeways.co.uk/privacy_notice-3608.html  "	"Northumberland"	"Permanent"	"£7.70 - £8.21 an hour"	-2.000559	55.25
"370"	370	"Sales Negotiator"	" We’re looking for Sales Negotiators to support our clients and colleagues throughout our Branch Network. These opportunities are working on a rotation shift pattern within our Contact Centre. Shifts - 1 Monday – Friday 8am to 12pm 2 Monday – Friday 12pm to 8pm Alternate Saturday 1pm to 4pm Sunday 11am to 4pm The purpose of this role is to support our branch network by arranging property valuations and viewings, mortgage appointments, data entry on a variety of systems, and also the discussion of any additional services that will be beneficial to the client. The role involves:  -Pro-active in identifying opportunities -Provide meaningful leads to our branches that allow them to generate new business -Working to agreed targets and deadlines and providing updates to your line manager -Effectively managing diaries -Cross selling the services we have to offer -Outbound calls to prospective clients, no cold calling -Building rapport over the phone The ideal candidate will have the following qualities:  -Outbound business telesales experience -Excellent telephone manner -Self motivated -Brand Ambassador -Experience in working to targets -Enthusiastic and positive nature -Excellent customer service skills -Good IT and keyboard skills -Organised with attention to detail The job will be operated on a share shift system, working sometimes outside of the traditional 9-5 office hours. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent "	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"371"	371	"Sales Administrator"	"  My client based in Cramlington are looking for a Sales Administrator to join their rapidly growing business. This is a permanent position to work for a very successful company with fantastic opportunities and benefits for the right candidate.  The role is a mix of sales support and sales administration however, is more Administratively focused, so the ideal candidate will have experience in, and enjoy Administration.  You will also need to have experience in, processing orders, fielding calls and working to your own initiative with attention to detail is very important to being successful. You will have excellent MS office skills including Excel.  Main Responsibilities:  Processing orders accurately - Preparation & shipping  Preparing quotations  Negotiations  Answering inbound calls  Assisting customers with configuration advice & pricing  Assisting Sales account manager quote/order/call overflow  Keeping customer records updated  Monitoring and following up quotes  Relaying daily shipping and back order status by phone or email  Assist with stock management  Assist with stock picking and shipping  Chasing back orders and providing information to customers  Responsible for POD's and courier issues  Assisting with credit issues  Communicate effectively with our suppliers  Producing reports upon request  Knowledge and understanding of products and new technologies  Requirements:  Responsibility for accuracy to your own administration  Excellent MS office skills including Excel, outlook, word  Punctuality and professionalism  Adecco acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. The Adecco Group UK & Ireland is an Equal Opportunities Employer.  By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Adecco. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information - please copy and paste the following link in to your browser https://www.adecco.co.uk/candidate-privacy    Recruiter  Adecco    Location  England, Northumberland, Cramlington    Salary  £18000 - £19000 per annum    Posted  16 May 2019    Closes  13 Jun 2019    Ref  JN -052019-68187    Contact  Evie Mercer    Sector  Office & secretarial, Administration    Function  Administration    Contract Type  Permanent    Hours  Full Time   "	"Cramlington"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £19,000 a year"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"372"	372	"Supervisor"	" About our company  In 2018 Savers were awarded 7th place in the Sunday Times best big companies to work for. We were the highest placed retailer in the list. This recognises the levels of engagement within our teams and demonstrates our commitment to our people.  Savers was acquired by AS Watson in 2000 to further our value led offer in the UK. “Our aim is to be the most competitively priced health and beauty retailer on the high street …from a clean crisp contemporary store setting with friendly, efficient and trained colleagues” We provide branded products at affordable prices. We work extensively on the range of products we offer and have extended our ranges in recent years.. We continue to strive to launch the biggest products on the high street at the lowest prices. We have over 400 stores throughout England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales and are still expanding.  Outline of role  We are looking for people to be Supervisor/Team Leader who have a positive can-do attitude, loves selling fantastic products and enjoys working as part of a team and leading when required.Your role at Savers will be all about ensuring the store gives exceptional customer service, encouraging the team to get their job done and exceed targets. You will also ensure that the store is fully stocked and maintained to a high level presentation at all times.  In addition, you will be involved in supporting the management team to achieve store targets. It is a great experience working in a fast-paced and fun environment that will prepare you for even bigger challenges. Savers Supervisors are extremely important to us, we recognise that you could be our Assistant Managers of tomorrow.  We will actively develop your skills and offer real career progression supported by our excellent in-house training.  Interested so far?  Person specification  To come on board as a Supervisor, do you:  Love exceeding targets  Love active selling on great deals  Love ensuring the shelves are fully stocked at all times  Love ensuring everything is clean, tidy and attractive  Love organising and getting things done with a team  Love supporting and developing othersLove being part of a family atmosphere  Love working hard and doing a good job  Love working in retail  You also need to be flexible in working hours as some of our shift patterns including very early mornings and late nights.Success in this role will enable you to take your next step with us, as we have a strong desire to promote from within and reward the highest achievers. If this sounds like you, apply now and join the ‘We Love Savers’ team!  About the department  Our stores are generally small with a friendly feel and you are part of the community when you work at Savers and we encourage this by getting involved with local community programmes.  Benefits  Pension & Life Assurance  Bonus scheme up to 30% of salary (non contractual)  33 days holiday  Uniform  Discount card and access to discounts in 3,500 retailers using mysaversdeals.co.uk  Reward & recognition scheme and long service awards  Discounted gym membershiip  Discounted Tastecard membership  Simply health wellbeing plan  Employee assistance programme with Retail Trust  Discount card with sister company Superdrug  Pay rate  £8.70  Hours per week  16 Hours "	"Durham"	"Contract, Permanent"	"£8.70 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"373"	373	"Cleaning Operative (part time)"	" We are looking for part time Cleaning Operatives to join a well known, successful Facilities Management company. You're role will to; Work at Silverlink Retail Park, you will be cleaning and maintaining the grounds. Using different machinery, so you must have a full, clean driving licence. These include; electronic truck, diesel road sweep, compactors, baylers and manual litter picking will be required. This is a part time weekend position working on a Saturday and Sunday, 14 hours a week. The wage is £9 per hour, there will some overtime available and full training will be given. Job Type: Part-time Experience: housekeeping: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: driving license (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£9 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"374"	374	"Sales Representative (Sales Developer)"	" We are looking for a Sales Developer to join us in this brand new role for the store.  What you'll be doing  Working closely with the rest of the team you'll be promoting and selling our kitchen products and growing our local business by opening new accounts through proactive lead generation. You'll engage with both customers and builders to build strong and trusted relationships. You'll encourage repeat business by keeping in regular contact with our account customers to drive in sales and always be looking for new leads. You'll get to know the local area to the store well and be aware of who is fitting kitchens locally.  How you qualify for the role Ideally you'll have experience working in a similar field based role within the kitchen or construction industry in sales, account management or business promotion. You'll be a highly self motivated and driven individual, who can demonstrate how you've achieved and exceeded sales targets. Excellent customer service and communication skills are essential in this role; as is IT literacy, and you've got to be a great team player. As this is a field based role you'll need a Full UK Driving Licence and a flexible approach to travel and your working hours.  What you'll get in return  You'll discover a rewarding team environment, excellent career and development opportunities, and a competitive salary and commission package. Benefits also include pension and life assurance, 23 days holidays rising to 25 after five years' service, discounts with various retailers and a generous colleague discount on our kitchen products.  Who we are  With over 200 stores we are the UK's largest kitchen retailer and while our focus is on creating the perfect kitchen, our true passion is design. As part of Nobia, Europe's leading kitchen specialist, we're lucky enough to have access to the very best design expertise in the industry, ensuring our kitchens are always on-trend and built for whatever life throws at them.  Join us and you'll become part of the Magnet family plus more other strong kitchen brands including Rixonway Kitchens, Gower and Commodore Kitchens. We make sure our people have room to learn, evolve, and grow their skills. "	"Durham "	"Permanent"	"£30,000 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"375"	375	"Production Operator"	" As a production operator, you will be required to use equipment and machinery to assist with the manufacturing, packaging, and other steps along the production line. Outlined below are the general duties of a production operator Setup the production equipment and supplies before executing the job orders. Operate equipment safely and effectively for production processing. Ensure that equipment is maintained in good and safe working condition. Inspect equipment to identify any replacements, malfunctions and repairs. Perform regular equipment maintenance to ensure production capacity and quality. Provide assistance to junior operators in their assigned responsibilities. Repair and clean the equipment when needed. Work under the guidance of Supervisor to perform and complete the assigned duties in a timely manner. Evaluate equipment performance and recommend improvements. Operate trucks and other industrial vehicles to transfer the production equipment between the warehouse and working area. Follow safety procedures and company policies for equipment operation. Recommend process improvements to enhance operational efficiency and safety. Contribute to waste management programs. Identify and report unsafe operations to Supervisor immediately. Maintain the work area clean, safe and organized. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £8.21 to £9.21 /hour Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Annfield Plain"	"Permanent"	"£8.21 - £9.21 an hour"	-1.7374865	54.8578249
"376"	376	"Experienced Bar/ Waiting Staff"	" Healey Barn is a stunning wedding venue on the Healey Estate, Northumberland, based 30 minutes from Newcastle City Center. Healey Barn is run by Cripps Barn Group (https://crippsbarn.com/) an established company with many years' experience in running wedding venues throughout the UK. We're looking for experienced, enthusiastic and friendly individuals to join our small, hardworking and fun bar team. We ask that our staff our versatile and efficient. Applicants must be over 18. You would need your own transport as we are in a rural location. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.00 /hour Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.00 /hour Experience: Bar & waiting: 1 year (Preferred) restaurant: 1 year (Required) "	"Riding Mill "	"Part-time"	"£8.21 - £9.00 an hour"	-1.9719541	54.9489331
"377"	377	"Head of Professional and Clinical Services"	"The Head of Professional and Clinical Services is a key member of the Directorate Leadership Team. The post is also a key leadership role within the organisation with responsibility for, in conjunction with other leaders from across the NHSBSA professional spectrum, driving and overseeing system-wide learning and improvement to inform both short-term and longer term organisation plans. The post holder will be a medical doctor who will lead and guide: Development of a clinical and professional network across the NHSBSA, providing professional leadership to this group Develop an overarching professional stakeholder plan for the NHSBSA, ensuring the NHSBSA are connected and represented professionally at all appropriate levels of the wider health and care system and with professional bodies Work collaboratively with other national and regional professional leaders to develop innovative solutions to complex challenges and spread best practice. Contribute to the design and oversight of data and insights to ensures the NHSBSA delivers better outcomes for patients within its available resources and makes choice a reality for patients. Deputise for the Executive Director of Strategy, Performance, Business Development and Growth as required. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£73,936 - £86,687 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"378"	378	"Kitchen Staff / 1893 - The Sir William de Wessyngton, Washington"	"The Ideal Candidate  We want fun, enthusiastic, confident and passionate people who are not afraid of hard work. We recruit our team for their personality and as a UK top employer with an award winning training program we know we can teach anyone the skills to succeed.  Person Specification Customer Focus Drive Personal Integrity Team Work  What`s in it for you?  We offer competitive hourly rates for all of our team members! Alongside this, all our team has the opportunity to earn up to 19% in bonus paid monthly plus additional benefits such as: 50% off on food and meal deals whilst at work and 20% off on food, drink and hotel accommodation whilst not at work Paid Holiday Free Shares £1 extra an hour, for hours worked between 12am and 5.59am.  The Role  At JD Wetherspoon we like to keep it simple, our kitchen team members are the back bone of our pubs, ensuring that everyone has the best food in the quickest time. We open our doors early in the morning and sometimes don`t close them until late at night, so we offer great flexibility.  As a part of our kitchen team you will have to work hard and engage with your team and keep up as our pubs can get pretty busy in peak times. You will need to ensure the kitchen is kept clean and hygienic at all times throughout the day.  Your role will be unique and you will get to interact with a variety of different people and our great teams, therefore a good level of conversational English is essential.  Working for Wetherspoon is rewarding, and are teams our consistently maintaining our high standards and 5-star health and safety ratings but with the right attitude we know you can climb our career ladder pretty quickly! Under 18`s may attract a lower rate of pay.  **We will always offer to guarantee as many of the advertised hours as possible, to all successful applicants, as part of your contract."	"Washington "	"Part-time"	"£8.50 an hour"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"379"	379	"Painter and Decorator"	"  Job Ref: INT4839   Branch: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter   Location: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: Competitive Salary   Contract type: Permanent   Hours: Part Time   Hours per week: 24   Posted date: 10/05/2019   Closing date: 30/06/2019  Looking for a company where you can develop, are encouraged to provide impressive customer service (both internally and externally), show you care, be empowered to WOW!  We now have an exciting opportunity to join our team as Painter and Decorator assisting the maintenance team by carrying out pro-active painting and decorating, ensuring the building is in a safe and exceptional condition.   What are we looking for?  Responsibilities for our Painter and Decorator include: Have ability to work alone and also to be able to work under pressure. Experienced in internal and external painting and decorating duties. Show strong commitment to the team and provide flexibility with regards to shift patterns, including weekends. Be willing to carryout deep cleaning tasks internally and externally to the property. Be able to assist other departments as and when required. Experience of working in the hotel industry. City & Guilds Level 2 Qualification in Painting & Decorating. Liaising with the Maintenance Manager and Front Office Team to ensure accessibility to guest bedroom to carry out planned painting and decorating and ensuring completion records are kept up to date. Assist with deep cleaning of external balcony space of bedrooms, meetings rooms, the restaurant and outside seating area on ground floor of the hotel.  How do we reward you?  Great rewards are aligned to joining our portfolio, not only do Interstate offer great discounts for Staff, Friends & Family within all their UK hotels, but you also get to experience your own brand benefits, World Wide!!! Plus we have a very successful Training Academy that awaits you, to support your development and career across all brands.   So....  So if you have a great personality, are results driven, and can be a valued team member, especially during pressured times, then we want to hear from you!   What's your passion? Whether you're into swimming, travelling or reading at Crowne Plaza we're interested in YOU. We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"380"	380	"Family Support Contact Officer"	" A vacancy has arisen for an experienced Family Support Worker to work within the Northumberland area to provide and support the delivery of contact service to children, young people and families in Northumberland who require Social care intervention. To provide supervised contact for children, young people and families/carers. This includes the following: To supervise contact between parents/carers and children who may be: CIN, LAC, or subject to child protection plans or care proceedings. To offer advice, support and guidance to children, young people and families if required To observe and assess the interaction between parent/carer and child and the parenting ability of the parent/carer To write reports as requested by court regarding parenting skills and record positive changes and or a decline in parenting. To record/report contact sessions to a high standard which could be used in the court process. To transport children to and from contact sessions To arrange contact times and venues based on risk assessments to ensure children are safe. To ensure that you maintain a professional manner at all times especially when working in challenging situations. You may be required to attend court to give evidence and provide statements for court when requested. Candidates must meet the following criteria to be put forward for this role: NVQ/Diploma Level 3 in childcare/social care or equivalent Full enhanced DBS on the update service An understanding of the Children’s Act 1989/2004 Experience of working with children, young people and families Experience of report writing and keeping accurate factual records. Information technology skills Experience of working with people who present highly challenging behaviours. Physically able to undertake the requirements of the post. To be able to lift childcare seats and fit into a vehicle and also carry young children if required. Required to undertake lone working outside of normal office hours. Will be required to undertake regular journeys, including escorting or transporting any children and families both locally and nationally. You will need to hold a full UK driving licence You may come into contact with variable home conditions which may need addressing whilst working in families homes. This is a full time temporary ongong post and would be ideal for anyone with experience of social work assistance, residential children’s workers, early help workers, children & family workers. Call Suzie on 0191 499 9965 for further information. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.91 /hour Experience: working with children: 1 year (Required)Licence: driving licence (Required) transferable DBS (Preferred) NVQ3 (Required) "	"Ashington"	NA	"£9.91 an hour"	-1.5708473	55.182294
"381"	381	"Drainage Operative"	"Due to expansion and the award of new long-term contracts we are seeking experienced operatives to become part of our extremely busy team. Must have driving licence. Required to work on various drainage contracts with a fully experienced operator receiving full training as necessary. Good time keeping and enthusiasm essential. Will be expected to work overtime as part of working week and we also operate an on-call rota. With basic salary of £19k with the earning potential, after overtime, in excess of £32k. Please note only successful applicants will be contacted. If you are looking for a challenging opportunity within a privately-owned drainage specialist company, with two strategically located depots, providing expertise on a 24/7/365 national basis please apply in writing with your current curriculum vitae to our HR Department using the following address; Unit A2 Leigh Trading Estate Norweb Way, Off Butts Street, Leigh WN7 3EQ. Alternatively, please forward your CV and a covering letter via email to vacancies@clearwayds.co.uk"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"382"	382	"ICE CREAM DRIVER AND SERVER"	" Ice Cream Driver and Server WantedVarious local areasFull Training Provided.Full UK Licence Needed.Part Time and Full Time Available.Wages Discussed Personally CALL ONLY PLEASE I PREFER THIS APPROACH TO AN EMAIL. JIMMY 07711452008 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary Experience: server: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"383"	383	"Print Apprenticeship (incl. Litho, Screen and Digital)"	"By the end of this qualification, the successful applicant will understand the importance of Health & Safety during the execution of his / her daily tasks. The applicant will have experienced personal development, whilst gaining an overview of the print industry  Training will cover employment rights & responsibilities, productivity measurement and how to improve it. The applicant will be aware of how to achieve and maintain quality, as well as understanding quality systems  They will have gained an understanding of the main printing processes and how to set up & control printing equipment across all 3 disciplines of Litho, Screen and Digital. This will cover: colour control substrates chemicals setting maintaining press chemistry problem solving whilst also considering output and quality, through the implementation of planned preventative maintenance and their impact on individual and organisational performance maintain a clean and tidy work environment ensuring that all appropriate Health and Safety regulations are adhered to Requirements and prospects Desired skills IT (Microsoft Excel, Word, Outlook) Excellent numeracy and literacy skills Good communication skills A sharp attention for detail Personal qualities Organised, with good self time-management skills Determined and resilient Committed, with a good work ethic Team player, and also able to work under own initiative Proactive – anticipating change and consequences, as well as reactive and responsive to last minute demands Patient and keen to learn Confident Flexible attitude toward working hours, recognising the requirement to stay until a task is completed Desired qualifications 5 x GCSEs (or equivalent) grades A*-C/9-4 minimum. Must include English and maths.  Future prospects Successful apprentices have moved through various departments, post course completion, to take up different roles in the business. Some have even moved from production into administrative jobs, bringing their production skills and knowledge into a customer relationship role, where they can act as trusted advisers and guide our clients through their purchasing requirements.  Things to consider Important other information: Vacancy will close early if the right candidate is found - apply early to avoid disappointment.  Please note you may be contacted via e-mail for interview.  On-site assessments and a portfolio of evidence will be necessary to show workplace learning.  Full health and safety training will be given and PPE supplied."	"Washington "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"384"	384	"Office Administrator"	" We are currently recruiting for an Office Administrator for one of our clients to start a permanent job role as soon as possible. Office is based in Hebburn, South Tyneside (NE31). Main duties include inputting purchase invoices onto a software called Sage and the job costing system (Clik). Processing Engineers timesheets will be a task along with general administration duties. It is beneficial that candidates interested in this post have experience on the mentioned computer software's. Salary is £17,400 Hours - 8:30am - 5pm Monday to Friday with a 1hr lunch break . 23 days holiday Life insurance is included in this package. For more information call Georgia @NowCareers on 0191 209 1900 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent "	"Hebburn"	"Permanent"	"£17,400 a year"	-1.511892	54.977584
"385"	385	"Administrative Officer"	" Our client in Durham is looking to recruit experienced Administrative Officers to provide a comprehensive, robust administrative support service to support to the One Point Service and Family First Team members and assist them to deliver a high-quality service, which meets the needs of children, young people and families. This administrative role would particularly benefit from candidates with some finance experience. Start date: ASAP Contract length: 7 months ( to be reviewed thereafter) The post-holder will be required to: Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Specialist Teams; Oversee the provision of administrative support to OPS/FF staff within designated buildings, including day to day allocation of work; Support the Team Leader, Service Support, in the delivery of all buildings management functions; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate Provide core administrative functions to support the work of the Operations Manager; Ensure that business needs are prioritised and managed effectively; Provide proactive support to inspection arrangements, e.g. file preparation, and provide a liaison role where appropriate; Carry out other duties commensurate with the grade of the post. Administrative Duties:  Supporting the OPS/FF staff in the locality in the provision of general clerical and administrative support; Assist with general typing duties – reports, letters, genograms, chronologies etc; Assist with reception duties (receiving visitors, taking calls & messages, dealing with queries); To take a lead and oversee cover arrangements within designated buildings Managing incoming communications (email, post, telephone calls) and highlighting/prioritising key points to follow up; To create electronic documents, reports, letters etc from copy and dictation; To highlight issues of a urgent nature to relevant senior members of the team; Set up and maintain electronic and manual filing systems; Organise travel, accommodation and hospitality requirements; Establish and maintain a daily bring forward system;  Process payment of invoices and tracking of financial transactions using Oracle; Recording and administering petty cash and general financial records; Administrative Support for Meetings/Team Activity:  To take a lead on the administration and coordination of arranging meetings, including the production of papers, schedules and venue bookings; To take a lead on attending meetings and taking minutes as required; Lead on administration of area activities and events, including the setting up of rooms Undertake progress/chasing tasks arising from meetings; The preparation, production and presentation of documents and minutes from own notes and from a variety of sources of information; To manage the electronic diary on behalf of the Operations Manager; Management of Information & IT Systems:  Assist the Team Leader with the development and maintenance of accurate electronic filing systems, including SharePoint, in line with Information Governance requirements; Retrieval and transfer of records including DIP/SSID/Connect etc as required by the team; To produce and update spreadsheets and presentations, using Microsoft packages, including Excel and PowerPoint. To collate and record performance data on behalf of the service management and process statistical returns as required; Data inputting and retrieval on the various systems used by the service; Mandatory requirements Contactable references (past/recent/present employer /character reference) covering the past 2 years BTEC National in Public Administration / NVQ 3 in Business Proof of ID (birth certificate/ passport/work permit/residence permit)  Up to date CV highlighting your experience To apply for this job please send your CV to Nozi or alternatively contact 0747 066 7986 or 0191 303 8317 At LSS we offer our candidates the following :  A team with public sector/trades/built environment/construction recruitment experience Access to a wide selection of vacancies across the Tyne and Wear Region The choice of PAYE or Limited company schemes Weekly payroll service Excellent rates of pay Live Staffing Solutions ( LSS ) is a specialist recruiter of Trades/Built Environment/Construction and related Public Sector Jobs , to view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit our web page: www.L-ss.co.uk Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.36 /hour Experience: Financial procedures, petty cash etc: 1 year (Preferred) working with databases and management information systems: 1 year (Preferred) minute taking & diary management: 1 year (Preferred) Organising events, conferences, meetings administration: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: BTEC National in public Admin/ NVQ3 in Business (Preferred)"	"Durham "	NA	"£9.36 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"386"	386	"SIA Door Supervisor"	" T3 Security are currently recruiting SIA Licenced Head Door Supervisors for various venues within Jesmond You Must produce or provide your SIA Licence at interview. Are you Approachable Flexible & able to work under pressure & respond to changing circumstances Energetic Organised Self-Motivated Reliable Proactive If so you should apply to join our team & be a part of the No.1 North Easts security provider. Your roles & responsibilities will include Meet & greet customers on arrival Carry out ID checks Searching customers Crowd control within the venue as well at entrances & fire exits. All applicants must Hold a valid SIA Licence (Front Line) Have high standard of customer services & excellent communication skills All successful applicants will be invited in for an interview within 7 working days of receipt of interest. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £13.50 /hour Experience: Head door: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: SIA Door Supervisor Licence (Required)"	"Jesmond"	"Permanent"	"£13.50 an hour"	-1.6057608	54.9914956
"387"	387	"Part time Banking Advisor"	" Permanent and part time 17.5 hours (salary is pro rata) 17.5 hours each week including 7 hours every Saturday and then 10.5 hours worked flexibly during week* Starting salary £17, 515- £18,890 pro rata dependant on experience and rising with accreditationMy client is an award winning business with a reputation for embracing new technology along with developing exceptional products and delivering 1st class customer service. The ethos is putting customers first and getting things right first time. As well as handling calls you will be working on a variety of interesting administration tasks which are allocated daily. A comprehensive training and benefits package is available to ensure that working for the business is rewarding, they are keen that you develop and participate in projects, initiatives and become a valued multi-skilled member of the team The rewards & benefits package includes: 25 days holidays plus bank holidays (increasing with service to 30 over 3 years) Corporate pension scheme Life assurance & permanent health insurance Corporate bonus scheme Buying holidays back policy Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £17,500.00 to £18,990.00 /year Experience: Banking: 1 year (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Permanent"	"£17,500 - £18,990 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"388"	388	"Business Travel Consultant - OVERSEAS"	" Hours: 37.5 per weekRole SummaryBusiness Travel Consultant working on main reservations within Hays Travel for Business, booking European, Long Haul flights, accommodation and visas.Qualifications & Experience Worked within the travel industry for a minimum of two years  * CRS Experience essentialCustomer Service Deliver exceptional customer service to all internal and external customersSkills Excellent organisational skills  * Appropriately assertive with a wide range of people  * Problem solving skills with a can do attitude  * Attention to detail and high levels of accuracy  * Strong administration skills with excellent time management skillsTeam Work Enthusiastic and proactive with the ability to work independently (self - motivated) and as part of a teamCommunication Excellent verbal and written communication skills  * Ability to liaise with staff at all levels  * Effective motivational skills and the ability to remain positive and professional at all timesValues Commitment to contribute to the growth of the business and the development of the team  * Ensure that the Hays Travel values are demonstrated at all times and that others follow this standardGeneral<U+F0B7> To undertake any other duties that may fall into the job criteria <U+F0B7> To conform with all company policies and procedures including Health and Safety <U+F0B7> To treat all employees, customers and suppliers with dignity and respect <U+F0B7> This job description is not intended as an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities of the post but simply reflects the key areas involved Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: Sales: 2 years (Preferred) Customer Service: 2 years (Preferred) "	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"389"	389	"Coach Valeter"	" Team Support Staff are recruiting for our client based in Washington who are looking for a Coach Valeter on an ongoing temporary basis. Duties to include:  Cleaning the buses (inside and out) Emptying bins Cleaning windows (inside and out) Cleaning coach toilet Restocking Fridge Driving the buses within the yard and parking them up. Other duties such as internal depot cleaning may also be required. Hours of work:  6pm – 2am Monday, Friday and Sunday Role will require flexibility as shifts may change due to business needs. Pay rate:  £8.21 MUST HAVE DRIVING LICENCE AND OWN TRANSPORT If you think that you have the experience required, please contact Vikki Lewis Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.21 /hour Licence: Driving license (Required)"	"Washington"	"Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"390"	390	"Business Administration Apprenticeship"	" Duties to include: Undertake reception duties and hospitality, answering general telephone and face-to-face enquiries and signing in visitors Assist in arrangements for schools trips, events, etc. Provide general clerical/admin support e.g. photocopying, filing, complete standard forms, respond to routine correspondence Provide admin support to both teaching and associate staff Maintain manual and computerised records/management information systems Produce lists/information/data as required, e.g. student’s data Undertake ICT tasks within the Trust’s approved IT systems e.g. SIMS Take notes at meetings and prepare minutes Sort and distribute mail Undertake administrative procedures Maintain and collate student reports/grade updates, etc. Attend parent’s evenings, open evenings, and other student based events Operate equipment/ICT packages (e.g. Word, Excel, Google, spreadsheets, internet, SIMS) Maintain stock and supplies, cataloguing and distributing as required Operate and record school sales e.g. concert tickets, etc. Provide general advice and guidance to staff, students and others Undertake general financial administration e.g. processing orders Requirements and prospects Desired skills Experience of general clerical/administrative/financial work Ability to use IT effectively Good keyboard skills Knowledge of relevant policies/codes of practice and awareness of relevant legislation Ability to work with children and adults Ability to work as a member of a team Personal qualities Friendly, outgoing and a good team player Ability to work using own initiative Enthusiastic Desired qualifications GCSE (or equivalent) grades A*-C/9-4 in English, maths, and ICT Equivalent qualification or experience in a relevant discipline e.g. RSA Level 2 Word Processing Future prospects For the right candidate, if a position were to become available, there would the opportunity for a permanent position within the organisation.  Things to consider Travel expenses to and from work, within a 25 mile radius Lunch will be provided from the school canteen Where appropriate a uniform and/or laptop will be provided during the period of the apprenticeship"	"Morpeth "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.686301	55.1717715
"391"	391	"Dresser"	" Fixed Term Vacancy Dresser  Motown the Musical 4 – 22 June 2019 Newcastle Theatre Royal Trust invites applications for Dressers to work at the Theatre Royal  Salary: £8.21 per hour Hours: The postholder will work during all schedule performances daytime and evenings including weekend performances – extreme flexibility required Principle responsibilities  As a Dresser / Wardrobe Assistant, providing support for all productions, to include: Working on get-ins and get-outs Support for visiting wardrobe teams Laundry and ironing Dressing during performances and rehearsals Wearing appropriate clothing or ‘blacks’ during performances Ensuring that working areas and equipment are kept in a clean, tidy and safe condition; assistance with routine stage and building maintenance Undertaking such other relevant duties as may be requested from time to time by the Stage Manager or Deputy Stage Managers At all times to maintain the confidentiality of the business or affairs of the Theatre Royal and visiting companies If you are interested in applying please refer to the Theatre Royal website for an application form, job description and application details: https://www.theatreroyal.co.uk/about/jobs and return to Deb Dovinson. Application forms are also available at the Stage Door. Please note that CV’s are not accepted. Closing date for interested applicants: 9am, Thursday 23 May 2019 Interview date: Tuesday 28 May 2019 Successful candidates will commence work on Tuesday 4 June 2019 Please note that if external applicants have not received a response to your application within 1 day of the closing date, you have not progressed to interview stage. Please do not let this deter you from applying for other positions which may arise in the future. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.21 /hour Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"392"	392	"Administrator"	" Our client is looking for an experienced Administrator to work in a busy office in the Newcastle area.  The role: Typing letters and memos using MS Word and Excel Typing confidential reports Organising a diary system Answering telephones Organising and greeting visitors Data input of confidential information Recording notes The person: Have MS Word experience Have typing skills Ideally have own transport (mileage allowance will also be given) This is an immediate start for approximately 2 months which could be extended Must be able to a checkable work history "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"393"	393	"DBS189/19 Teaching Assistant 2 posts Percy Main Primary School"	"This is an exciting opportunity for the right candidate to support in the implementation and running of a specialist SEMH provision for children who have been identified with an additional need.  We are looking for highly motivated Teaching Assistants with experience of working with children with additional needs. The successful candidates must have excellent relationships with children and a proven track record for excellent behaviour management. Experience of THRIVE would also be beneficial but training would be provided for the right candidate.  The specialist provision will run for a small number of KS1 and LKS2 children. The successful Teaching Assistants will work alongside a Teacher and an HLTA to support the children within this provision.  We are looking for someone with a brilliant work ethic, good sense of humour and who is resilient to extreme behaviours. We are looking for Teaching Assistants who are willing to be adaptable to change, proactive and excellent team players. We can offer you a supportive work environment in a lively and thriving school.  Application packs are available from and should be returned to: Mrs R Butler, Head Teacher – Percy Main Primary School (large SAE required): Percy Main Primary School, Nelson Terrace, North Shields, NE29 6JA or by applying via email to beth.brown1@ntlp.org.uk  Percy Main Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. As such an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant employment checks deemed appropriate.  This post is term time only over 195 days, 30hpw  This post is fixed term up to 3 years in the first instance."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary"	"£15,316 - £15,969 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"394"	394	"Support Worker"	" Unisus (formerly Cygnet North East) has recently launched our new care service. This complements the existing services that we offer for people with disabilities in the North East. We are looking for community care and support workers to provide high quality, consistent care to our clients. This work will be varied as we establish our care service which sits alongside our supported employment programme. Hours: To be agreed. Guaranteed hours will be offered to reliable, dedicated staff after a probationary period. Pay: Standard rate of £9 an hour, enhanced rate of £10 an hour for carers who have higher level training. We also pay travel time and mileage at 45p per mile between clients. Training: Provided – you will be paid for your time whilst undertaking training Location: Community based in NE15 (travel expenses provided) Responsible to: Care Services Manager Job Purpose: To enable clients with disabilities and health conditions, particularly Brain Injury and neurological conditions to lead healthier, safer and more fulfilling lives Main duties and responsibilities: To follow the clients’ care and support plans Listening and responding appropriately to client needs Being aware of changes to client need and reporting these Reporting any safeguarding concerns To assist clients in maintaining their personal care and hygiene Helping clients to prepare food, eat and drink Accompanying clients to appointments and activities Supporting clients to access public transport Carrying out telephone “check-in” contact with clients Accompanying clients on short breaks and holidays Sleep-ins at clients’ homes Assisting clients with medication in accordance with care plans Participate in training as required Liaising and cooperating with colleagues and attending team meetings Helping to maintain health and safety Respecting client confidentiality Acting at all times in accordance withUnisus Care’s policies and procedures Supporting clients in work through our supported employment programme We believe that if we recruit people with the right values, we will achieve our aims. We can teach people new skills but we can’t teach people to care. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: £9.00 to £10.00 /hour Experience: Care Assistant: 1 year (Preferred)Location: Newcastle upon Tyne NE15 (Preferred)Licence: Driving (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Flexitime Part-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	"£9 - £10 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"395"	395	"Apprentice Business Administration"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Fixed Term    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week (£3.90 per hour) NMW in the second year if 19+    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186578    Employment Location:  County Hall, Durham.    Post Number:  REAL19-145    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information An opportunity has arisen for a two year Apprenticeship in Business Administration. Applicants would be expected to build up the necessary skills to support the team and work proactively to support the team and service delivery by:To study and achieve the Business Administration Level 2 or 3 during the duration of the apprenticeshipReceiving visitors and referring to appropriate colleagues Answering telephones and recording messages Word processing, production of reports and preparation of presentation  slidesUpdating and maintaining databases and filing systems and photocopying Despatching and receiving/opening post and other material and ensuring  prompt despatch to appropriate staff Required Qualifications: Ability to achieve Level 2 or 3 Business Administration during the duration of the apprenticeship For an informal discussion about the post, please contact Grant Atkinson, Business Leader (Operational Support) email grant.atkinson@durham.gov.uk It is anticipated that interviews will be held on a date to be confirmed. Apply on-line via the jobs portal or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on telephone no. 03000 268153/264223 or email hrreal@durham.gov.uk Please note that all communication regarding your application for this post will be sent to the email address that you have registered with North East Jobs, including your invite to interview if you are short-listed. Please check your email after the closing date for notification from ‘DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK’ as you will not be notified by any other means. In line with the County Council’s Recruitment & Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CV’s. Any information provided on CV’s will not be considered for short-listing purposes. "	"Durham"	"Contract, Apprenticeship"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"396"	396	"Teaching Assistant - Level 1"	"   Fixed Term Contract for 1 year initially, with a view to extend  Hebburn Lakes Primary School is a friendly and welcoming school with enthusiastic and well-motivated children, a hard working staff, a very supportive Governing Board and well established links with parents and the local community.  The Governors are looking to appoint a highly motivated and committed Teaching Assistant.  South Tyneside Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. We expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment and an Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant pre-employment checks.   "	"South Tyneside"	"Contract"	"£18,065 a year"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"397"	397	"Administrator"	"We are a 24/7/365 reactive drainage company and you will work as part of a busy team. Previous experience in a similar role is preferred, however training will be provided. You must be computer literate, dedicated, enthusiastic and methodical. Duties will involve collating information, assisting in the inputting of data, answering the telephone, dealing with client queries, filing, faxing, ordering machinery / equipment and all administration tasks as required. You will also be required to assist in operational planning of daily works. Salary is negotiable and dependent upon experience. Please send email and covering letter to. Previous applicants need not apply and only successful applicants will be contacted. If you are looking for a challenging opportunity within a privately-owned drainage specialist company, with two strategically located depots, providing expertise on a 24/7/365 national basis please apply in writing with your current curriculum vitae to our HR Department using the following address; Unit A2 Leigh Trading Estate Norweb Way, Off Butts Street, Leigh WN7 3EQ. Alternatively, please forward your CV and a covering letter via email to vacancies@clearwayds.co.uk"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"398"	398	"Construction Apprentice"	"To carry out work allocated to a high standard and ensure it is carried out in strict compliance with the Health and Safety at Work Act, and any other relevant legislation covering safety in the workplace for self and others To learn to complete all necessary paperwork and NICEIC records to current legislative standards, to prevailing performance standards and in accordance with the Company’s procedures under the guidance of qualified trade employees, suited to the current level of training and development To attend college and complete coursework on time and to a high standard To produce, maintain and be responsible for work details to document experience To carry out all necessary administrative work associated with departmental management requirements such as using the PDA’s to accurately and timely record all processes from receiving jobs through to completion To liaise and work with all other trades and apprentices as required Taking initiative where necessary and taking responsibility for planning and organisation To keep supervisory staff aware of progress and problems in a timely manner Requirements and prospects Desired skills Experience within a construction environment would be desirable Initiative Personal qualities Good attitude to work and a keen interest in the sector. Work well within a team Desired qualifications 3 GCSEs grade C/4 or above to include maths & English Language or equivalent Future prospects To complete the apprenticeship and remain employed with CMS Things to consider For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Gateshead "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"399"	399	"Beach Cleansing Operatives"	" Contract due to start on 1st July 2019 working until 22 September 2019 Beach Cleansing Operatives required to work along the coastal areas of South Shields ensuring that areas are clean and safe for the public. Work 45 hrs per week with Saturday and Sunday as part of the working week, 1 day off Monday -Friday. Must have a flexible approach and be able to work various shifts in order to meet the demands of the service. Previous experience of working in a similar role/environment preferred although training will be provided to exceptional candidates. Ideally candidates will have an up to date CPC Card for driving a Crew Cab although this is not essential. Any candidates with experience of operating a Tractor would be encouraged to apply. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.94 /hour Experience: Beach Cleansing Operative: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: Operatoring Tractor (Preferred) CPC (Driver Certificate of Professional Competence) (Preferred) "	"South Tyneside"	"Temporary"	"£9.94 an hour"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"400"	400	"Software Tester"	"   The Company  We are looking for a skilled and motivated Software Test Engineer to join a growing technology business based in the centre of Newcastle. You will be testing software for both the company's external product and also internal research platforms. In addition you'll liaise with the engineering and software partners across the globe.    The Role  This role requires a very proactive tester and test software developer to own and drive the testing arm of the software development team. This will encompass toolset selection or advisement as well as deployment, set up, maintenance and use of the entire toolset. A key success factor for this position is the ability to work in a fast paced, cross functional group environment, in a highly collaborative manner.    The Person  3-5 years’ experience in a previous Software Testing role Cross-platform C/C++ experience on embedded and desktop platforms Experience with unit testing and mocking frameworks Experience with continuous integration (CI) systems such as Jenkins, Travis CI, etc. Including the setup and modification of such systems. Test coverage tool use, and deployment/set up experience Design and implementation of automated and manual tests, as appropriate, to cover: Module, sub-system and system level testing Integration and regression testing  Production of test planning, logging and reporting documentation Experience working with a QA team General drive and ability to assess and select (or provide useful summary information) of toolsets and services for CI systems Excellent communication and presentation skills, and the ability to work in a dynamic team-based environment on complex, fast-paced projects, interacting with both internal and external partners are a must. Good sense of humour, positive and constructive team player, and an ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment as the company matures and moves from the R&D stage into commercialisation are essential.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£40,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"401"	401	"Production Operative"	"Applicants required for simple wiring & crimping of small electrical harnesses. No experience needed as training to in-house standard will be provided. Applicants must have good concentration skills. Full time - 37.5 hrs per week, Monday - Friday, will consider part-time applicants. 4 - 6 month contract."	"North Shields"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"402"	402	"RTA Portal Claims Handler"	" RTA Portal Claims Handler. An attractive role has arisen to gain experience working within personal injury in a progressive, forward thinking firm. This new RTA Portal Claims Handler role, based in central Newcastle, is perfect if you have a keen interest in RTA work, or if you are an assistant looking to take the next step and become a claims handler. The department is renowned for its personal injury work and for providing services of the highest standard. You will be working alongside senior personal injury solicitors handling a caseload of your own consisting of RTA portal claims. Your new role will see you working as part of a growing team, in a friendly, dynamic, and forward-thinking environment, dealing with work of the highest quality. Experience as an RTA Claims Handler is not essential but will be looked at desirably. In this role, you will be expected to check initial information, identify files to be rejected, enter claim details on the RTA portal, liaise with medical experts, negotiate with insurers, and prepare files for court proceedings. You will be rewarded with a competitive salary in line with previous experience, along with a bonus scheme and extensive company benefits. If you are looking to progress in your career and have the responsibility of your own caseload of RTA files, then please apply today. Call Sam Addleman for further information and a confidential chat on this Newcastle based role. 0113 254 92196. More information For more information about this role and to apply, please contact Sam Addleman at G2 Legal on 0113 254 9296 or forward an up to date copy of your CV. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£18,000 - £20,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"403"	403	"Digital Surveyor"	" Are you an independent, enthusiastic and motivated person with a passion for technology in the construction industry? Digital Surveyors required to carry out surveys using 3D scanning equipment and produce BIM models in Revit.  Company This is a very exciting time to join an expanding, ambitious organisation specialising in measured building surveys, topographical surveys and underground utility surveys. Their passion is to use the latest surveying technology and equipment to produce accurate 3D data of buildings, land, utilities and infrastructure; they are always looking for innovative new technology to improve their service. The business has a healthy, wide client base. It’s a relaxed working environment and sociable culture. They support employees through additional training and development, excellent career prospects.  Role In the role you will be driving to sites in the North East and other areas of the county to carry out surveys. You will be working away from home on a regular basis. The split of site to office work is 70/30 initially. The main aspects of the role will be: Reality capture on site – carrying out 3D laser scans to produce accurate point cloud data for buildings and land. 3D modelling – create a BIM model of point cloud data in Revit. Drone imagery – provide a full 3D data set for large sites.  Experience Required Must have some experience and a good understanding of the construction process for buildings, very good attention to detail will be required. Experience of using a 3D laser scanner and/or Totalstation. Measured Building Surveyor/Laser Scanning Surveyor/Land Surveyor. A versatile person to carry out measured building surveys and topographical surveys. If you have experience of only one area this will also be considered. Revit experience preferable. If no Revit experience, must have an aptitude for using another construction design software e.g. CAD. Drone licence not essential, training can be provided. Full UK driving licence essential.  Package Basic salary guide £17,000 to £25,000 depending on level of experience. Company vehicle (van) plus fuel card. Branded company workwear provided. Overtime paid. Fuel card. Travel expenses paid.  This is a permanent position and Corepeople Recruitment Limited will be acting as an employment agency for permanent recruitment on behalf of our client.  By applying for this job you accept the T&Cs, Privacy Notice and Disclaimers which can be found on our website. "	"Tyne and Wear"	NA	"£17,000 - £25,000 a year"	-1.566667	54.916667
"404"	404	"Kitchen Porter Apprenticeship"	"Maintain food safety when storing and cooking food Prepare and cook a range of food items Produce food dishes from raw ingredients Maintain hygiene standards in the kitchen and working environment Maintain records and update kitchen documentation Safe use of equipment Use a range of kitchen utensils Work with other team members to maintain service Other kitchen duties as requested Requirements and prospects Desired skills Strong organisational skills Good written and verbal communication Ability to work under pressure Problem solving Personal qualities Self-motivated Enthusiastic Flexible Passion for food Organised Desired qualifications Flexible Future prospects Potential full time role for the right candidate Things to consider For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"South Shields "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"405"	405	"Apply for a Work Experience Placement at BT Newcastle"	" Get the experience >build your skills >learn how to start nailing interviews >let BT Work Ready help you get that Job! Start 2019 as you mean to go on by registering for one of our 15 day Work Placements. New programs have just been released. Get in quick as we have limited places. Work Ready Placements are for 16 -24 year olds that are not currently in Employment Education or Training. If you are currently enrolled in school, college or university, or guaranteed a place to begin a course next term you are not eligible for this programme. If you have a conditional offer or are not sure what your plans are, please complete the registration form and note this information in the questions box.  So Why Join a Work Ready Placement? You’ll learn skills that’ll help you get a job and you’ll get to experience what it’s like in a real workplace. You’ll get on the job experience of running a project from start to finish, working on your own and in a team. You’ll present to and work with senior BT people on your progress and achievements. After graduating we’ll support you into a job with us or another employer, or into further training. What does a typical placement look like? Week 1: Monday to Friday you’ll build and develop your CV and interview skills, as well as learning other digital employability skills. Week 2: You’ll start your work placement. They vary depending on where you live and can include working in a BT Contact Centre (customer service, sales, project management and data analysis), Technical Service Operations (network monitoring, fault analysis and project support), field engineering (repairing and installing equipment), warehousing (distribution, planning and logistics) or in BT Fleet (vehicle maintenance and customer service). Week 3: You’ll continue to gain experience in the workplace during your work placement. Wednesday to Friday, you’ll take part in a practice recruitment, have time to plan for your future and think about your short-term and long-term goals, before a graduation event to celebrate finishing your work placement with us. What you should wear:  Comfortable, smart casual clothing is best. For example, trousers and a top, chinos and a shirt, a dress, or a skirt and top. Don’t worry if you have a limited wardrobe – we don’t judge.We’ll give you any safety clothing or equipment if you need it in your work placement. Skills you’ll come away with:  Digital skills. Interview techniques and CV skills Insight into BT operations Data mining and analysis What have previous participants of this programme said about their placement?  “The Work Ready programme motivated me, giving me hands-on experience. Everyone was amazing at helping each other on the course – it was brilliant.” – Mathew Griffiths  “The work placement changed everything. It gave me with a lot more confidence in myself and the experience I needed. The BT team were great and always there to help.” – Shane Staples Complete this placement and then… We want you to leave with a new-found confidence about what you can achieve and have experiences you can talk about at interview. You’ll get a certificate and a reference showing your attendance record and your achievements to demonstrate your commitment to prospective employers. Beyond the programme we offer support for a further 24 weeks with job searching, college applications and interview support. A few final things… Reasonable travel expenses reimbursed? Yes Public transport accessible? Yes Mentor provided during placement? Yes Reference given once placement completed? Yes You’ll get a certificate and a reference showing your attendance record and your achievements to demonstrate your commitment to prospective employers. Beyond the programme we offer support for a further 24 weeks with job searching, college applications and interview support Remember ... Work Ready Placements are for 16 -24 year olds that are not currently in Employment Education or Training. If you are currently enrolled in school, college or university, or guaranteed a place to begin a course next term you are not eligible for this programme. If you have a conditional offer or are not sure what your plans are, please complete the registration form and note this information in the questions box.  Registering could not be simpler  Pop paste this URL into your browser to register https://formwize.bt.com/run/survey3.cfm?idx=505d04010d0f0e Job Type: Apprenticeship Salary: £0.00 /year Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Apprenticeship"	"£0 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"406"	406	"20hr Key Holder, Kurt Geiger, Newcastle Eldon Square"	" Are you Driven? Passionate? Captivating? Engaging?…. And LOVE fashion?  Yes… well, we are Kurt Geiger and we think you could be too!  Kurt Geiger first opened in Britain’s fashion capital on Bond Street, London in 1963. Since the Sixties Kurt Geiger has not stood still as it continuously evolves to make fabulous footwear and accessories with a unique market position, pairing aspiration with accessibility.  We are Europe’s leading luxury shoe and accessory retailer and we are looking for the next generation of talent to join our business.  WE NEED YOU TO: Ensure the customer service is of the highest standards at all times Handle all stock effectively and ensure back of house standards are maintained Support your Management Team in achieving company sales targets and operational goals Be a role model for our brand with our personal presentation standards Maintain store visual standards Requirements Embody the Kurt Geiger DNA and be Captivating, Engaging, Passionate, Driven and On Brand. Have at least 1 years’ experience in a similar role Be a customer service ambassador and enjoy working to KPI’s Benefits Competitive basic hourly rate Generous bonus structure Amazing employee discounts Fabulous shoes! If you’re successful, you will work for a business which recognizes that amazing people are the key to driving our business forward and fulfill our vision of being the world’s leading multi-channel retailer of luxury branded shoes and accessories. We are a fast-paced business where no two days are the same, so you will need to be adaptable; but we will reward your hard-work, commitment and loyalty with a fantastic benefits package and very real opportunities for progression. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"407"	407	"Delivery driver"	"Full time delivery driver job Working hours: 5:30 till 11 Tuesday & Thursday off A free is given at the end of the night We are a new Indian restaurant & takeaway in Stanley and we are looking for enthusiastic drivers that look forward to come into work! We have a strong team of workers that have a laugh and a HR are team that have an open door policy so you can talk about any issues that you may have!"	"Stanley"	"Permanent"	NA	114.2159129	22.2143908
"408"	408	"Sales Associate - Ernest Jones - Permanent - Part Time (Up to 12 Hrs)"	" Our Sales Associates help our customers Celebrate Life & Express Love! Permanent Sales Associate - Part Time (Up to 12 hours per week) Our store teams are made up of customer-first people with a real passion for outstanding service, creating amazing experiences and lasting memories for our customers. Our team members work hard to develop outstanding product knowledge and real jewellery expertise that they can share with our customers. As a committed and dedicated member of the team, you’ll play a key role in helping the store to maintain performance and meet sales targets. As new products are introduced in store, you will build your knowledge to ensure that you can deal with every type of customer enquiry. Signet Jewelers (H.Samuel & Ernest Jones) is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome applications from all sections of the community and value diversity. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. Your background You’ll have a passion for putting the customer first and creating memorable customer experiences. While you may not specifically have jewellery experience, you will certainly have an interest in jewellery products and brands. A positive, ‘can-do’ attitude is essential, with a natural ability for striking up a conversation with a diverse range of customers. Be part of something special! Signet is the name behind H.Samuel and Ernest Jones – so altogether, we have 450 UK stores selling some of the most fashionable and exclusive watch and jewellery brands on the high street. But that’s not all. We also have stores in the US, Canada, Republic of Ireland and the Channel Islands. In fact, we’re the world’s largest retailer of diamond jewelry and the largest specialty retail jeweler in the US, UK and Canada. Your rewards We offer a competitive salary and benefits, including sales incentives and a staff discount. The nature of our business also means you can sometimes work additional hours at times like peak trading periods, Bank Holidays and weekends. What is also really amazing about Signet are the career development opportunities. If you’ve got potential, we’ll help you fulfil it. We’ve got the training and development programmes in place to really help you make the most of your talent! "	"Seaham "	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.3355612	54.8372106
"409"	409	"Apprentice - (Business Administration) Occupational Health"	" Job Summary  Contract Type:  Temporary    Working Pattern:  Full time    Advert Start Date:  10/05/2019    Advert End Date:  09/06/2019 23:59    Salary:  £144.30 per week (Apprenticeship rate)    Allowances:  n/a    Hours per week:  37    Job Category:  Apprenticeships    Vacancy ID:  186991    Employment Location:  County Hall, Durham    Post Number:  RES/19/32    Closing date:  9 Jun   Further Information A fixed term vacancy has arisen for approximately 2 years for an apprentice to work within Occupational Health and Safety. Durham County Council wish to appoint two Apprentices to work within their Occupational Health Service, to assist in providing a broad range of health related services to all employees of the Council in addition to external customers. The Occupational Health Service is an advisory service that offers employees and manager’s advice and guidance on matters relating to the effects of health on work and work on health. Ensuring statutory obligations are met in relation to health screening, testing and other employment related matters. The service aims to contribute to a healthy workplace and workforce by working collaboratively with employers, employees and other relevant parties.  The successful applicants will be based in the Occupational Health Service at County Hall and will study to achieve the Business Administration Level 2 or 3 standard during the duration of the apprenticeship. This apprenticeship will also offer the opportunity to develop technical skills and experience in carrying out health related tests and health screening under the supervision of the occupational health clinical team. Applications for the following posts are invited from persons holding four GCSEs grades 4 – 9 (A to C) or equivalent and having a genuine interest in developing business administration skills in addition to having an interest in promoting health and wellbeing. Applicants must be customer focused, motivated, committed with excellent interpersonal and communication skills as well as the ability to work as part of a team. For further information regarding this vacancy please contact Maggie Sinclair on 03000 268999, email Maggie.sinclair@durham.gov.uk. It is anticipated that interviews will be held week commencing 24th June 2019. In line with the County Council's Recruitment and Selection Policy, please note that we are unable to accept CVs. Any information provided on CVs will not be considered for short-listing purposes. Apply on-line or for further assistance contact the HR Operations & Data Team on 03000 267241 or email hrresources@durham.gov.uk. If you have any difficulties accessing the vacancy and are registered for redeployment, please contact the Operations & Data Team or alternativeemployment@durham.gov.uk. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL COMMUNICATION REGARDING YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS POST WILL BE SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH NORTH EAST JOBS, INCLUDING YOUR INVITE TO INTERVIEW IF YOU ARE SHORTLISTED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL AFTER THE CLOSING DATE FOR NOTIFICATION FROM DONOTREPLY@NORTHEASTJOBS.ORG.UK AS YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED BY ANY OTHER MEANS. PLEASE ENSURE YOU CHECK YOUR JUNK MAIL. "	"Durham"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£144 a week"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"410"	410	"Mathematics Coach"	" Mathematics Coach Ref: SNT1672(e) N3: £18,065 - £18,426 (Actual: £15,220 - £15,524, per annum). or N4: £18,795 - £19,945 (Actual: £15,835 - £16,804, per annum).  This school has Academy status and is part of the Multi Academy Trust; the employer will be the Multi Academy Trust. Sacred Heart Catholic High School Fenham Hall Drive Newcastle upon Tyne NE4 9YH Tel: 0191 2747373; Fax: 0191 2751939 email: Recruitment@shhs.org.uk website: www.sacredheart-high.org Full time - 37 hours per week Term time, plus 3 additional days. Salary: N3 - N4, depending on qualifications and experience N3: £18,065 - £18,426 (Actual: £15,220 - £15,524, per annum). N4: £18,795 - £19,945 (Actual: £15,835 - £16,804, per annum). A committed and enthusiastic person is required to join the Mathematics department. This post will include coaching and supporting small groups and individual students in Mathematics to achieve success in GCSE and A Level examinations Candidates will need to be qualified to at least Advanced Level in Mathematics however this is a great opportunity for a graduate. Also as a National Teaching School and SCITT, we would support career development to become a Mathematics Teacher. The Governing Body are committed to safeguarding and the protection of its pupils. The post is subject to an Enhanced DBS check. As this post involves working with children, vulnerable adults or dealing with sensitive information, written references will be taken up and made available to interviewers before the final selection stage; even if you indicate otherwise. To request an application pack please contact: Recruitment@shhs.org.uk Closing date: 9am Friday 7 June 2019 Interviews: Week commencing 10 June 2019.  Permanent "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£15,220 - £15,524 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"411"	411	"Warehouse Operative Apprentice"	"    Duties to include: Pick Orders Pack Orders Process Orders using Computer Product Stock Checks Tidy Warehouse Ability to work within a Team Packing and Unpacking for Events Unloading Deliveries Moving Heavy Loads     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Attention to detail Ability to communicate effectively and openly with colleagues Self-motivated Able to work in a team Ability to work accurately and methodically Ability to accurately complete paperwork and count stock items    Personal qualities Good work ethic Positive approach to work tasks Enthusiasm towards learning the role Have initiative in every situation Determination to succeed Proficiency in using email and media Basic knowledge of using a PC and MS Office Suite Willingness to learn to use our applications and programs    Desired qualifications Maths grade C or above IT grade C or Above English grade C or above     Future prospects There is a full time position available for the candidate at the end of the apprenticeship.     "	"Wallsend "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"412"	412	"Support Worker"	" Introduction New Prospects has a model of support that focuses on the skills and abilities of people with learning disabilities. Inspired by those we work with, together we help people build the life they want, and strengthen the communities in which we are placed. New Prospects is registered under the Co-Operative and Community Benefit Societies Act with charitable status (Reg Number 27248). Currently we support people in Newcastle, North Tyneside, Gateshead and Northumberland. We provide day services, outreach and enabling support, and independent supported living. Overall job purpose The Support Worker post is an opportunity to provide support in a person centred way, supporting community connections, creating employment opportunities and helping people to establish a network of relationships - both taking the initiative and working closely colleagues with a “can do” approach in line with the Organisation’s values. The Support Worker also provides personal assistance to people who require it; this includes personal care e.g. practical help to wash, bathe, and cook meals. This position is an opportunity to work creatively with people. New Prospects emphasises a team approach to work. Line Management The Support Worker is managed by a Support Manager, assisted by a Lead Support Worker in some places. The Support Manager reports to a Service Manager. Final responsibility for New Prospects’ activities rests with a voluntary Board of Trustees who delegates day-to-day operational management responsibility to the Chief Executive. Hours The Support Worker working hours can be anything up to 39 hours a week, depending on the needs of the people we support. New Prospects operates flexible working hours linked directly to the needs and wishes of the person supported. Whilst every effort will be made to ensure that working life is not made unreasonable, this post involves working at weekends, evenings and bank holidays as part of the service provided to local people with learning disabilities. Training You will be required to attend training and participation in staff meetings and staff performance reviews as required to develop relevant knowledge and skills. Equal Opportunities All New Prospects staff are required to implement the Organisation’s equal opportunities policy in their day-to-day work for New Prospects. Specific Responsibilities Support To provide support to a person with learning disabilities by implementing their individual support plan. To deliver all support in a person centred way, working with the person you support to realise their goals and ambitions. To respond positively to changing needs. To manage risk effectively. To maintain accurate records as required. Personal Assistance To provide assistance to a person with learning disabilities to care for themselves, and their home. To perform personal care tasks for a person with learning disabilities with their consent when they require such assistance. To prompt self management or assist a person with learning disabilities to take their medication. Inclusion (when required by the individual support plan to implement one or more of the following):  To support a person with learning disabilities to participate in their community. To respect and uphold a person with learning disabilities’ housing rights and responsibilities. To develop and support the financial independence and welfare needs of the person, including benefit maximisation, employment, supporting them to have holidays, or take part in daytime activities. To support people with welfare benefit issues affecting their access to work. To support a person with learning disabilities to develop a network of friends. To support a person with learning disabilities to meet their cultural and spiritual needs. To support a person with learning disabilities with relationships with their family, neighbours and partner. Working with Others To work within a community connections framework and within the Association’s structures, delivering greater community participation and inclusion for the person you support. To attend regular meetings of the team with the person you support and specifically give and receive support and advice to and from other workers in the team. To provide advice to and occasionally work in joint projects with others. To strengthen community groups and resources. To implement involvement initiatives and to encourage people to develop their own participation activities. Community connections and networking (when required by the individual support plan to implement one of more of the following):  To support a person with learning disabilities to enjoy their home and build positive relationships with their immediate neighbours To support a person with learning disabilities to be aware of community resources, organisations, groups, events and activities and to play a full part in community life. To develop productive partnerships with purchasers, social services, health agencies, housing providers, housing benefit and other agencies that are involved in the life of the person you support. To ensure effective monitoring and evaluation of work with the person you support by participating fully in review and other meetings connected to promoting the well being of the person you support. To ensure that monitoring requirements within your area of responsibility are met. To participate in producing an Individual Support Plan with the person you support and to regularly update it. Team  To be an active member of the Association, promoting team work, contributing to the development of the service, and participating where possible and in consultation with the Support Manager/Lead Support Worker in joint projects.  Finance (when required by the individual support plan to implement the following):   With the Support Manager/Lead Support Worker, to support a person with learning disabilities to control and manage their individual budget. Other duties To undertake such other duties as may reasonably be required. Job Type: Full-time "	"North Tyneside"	NA	NA	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"413"	413	"Part Time Accounts Assistants"	"Our Client in Team Valley are currently recruiting a Part Time Accounts Assistant (20-25 Hours) on a potential Temp-Perm Assignment. If you have experience in an Accounting role and VT Plus Transact and Job Logic/Web Logic (or any similar accounting systems, please see the details below and send your CV to apply Sales Ledger VT Ledgers - making sure all clients ledgers are up to date with correct information such as address, contact details, payment terms, etc; all sales transactions are up to date in correct ledgers and reconciled. Excel Spreadsheets - all sales invoices are correctly entered with all the relevant information; all notes regarding sales invoices and payments correspondence are entered. Job Logic Transactions/Link with VT - exporting the sales file from Job Logic and importing into VT Statements - emailing statements to clients at least one week prior to overdue invoices Credit Control - Chasing outstanding payments; emailing statements of accounts to clients, making notes on the sales spreadsheet and VT Accounts server under Sales Ledger - Client Correspondence, Sending letters and emails regarding overdue invoices Notifying relevant managers for any invoice discrepancies such as overdue invoices.  Factoring Reports - entering the daily and monthly factoring reports Purchase Ledger Purchase orders and job expenses - matching POs with delivery notes and invoices; issue and update managers POs; entering expenses such as accommodation costs, fuel receipts, postage, parking charges to the jobs in job logic. Delivery notes - marking deliveries on Purchase Orders as delivered and issue to jobs on Job Logic. Purchase Invoices - entering purchase invoices on Job Logic/ VT; checking invoices against POs and that they match- quantities and cost correct; Exporting the purchasing file from Job Logic and importing into VT. VT Ledgers - making sure all supplier ledgers are up to date with correct information such as address, bank details, contact details, payment terms, etc; all purchase transactions are up to date in correct ledgers and reconciled; entering journals such as CIS Journals for CIS deductions.  Supplier Payments and correspondence - making payments to suppliers when authorised to do so, checking supplier statements; requesting copy of invoices if not on VT. Notifying relevant managers for any invoice discrepancies Petty Cash receipts - entering the petty cash receipts on VT Reporting Provide weekly and monthly financial reports to management Experience Job Logic/ Web Logic VT Plus Transact Accounting Knowledge of office management systems and procedures Working knowledge of office equipment, like printers and fax machines Proficiency in MS Office (MS Excel, Word and MS PowerPoint, in particular) Excellent time management skills and the ability to prioritise work Attention to detail and problem solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong organisational skills with the ability to multi-task Pay £9.50-£10ph Long term with an chance of a permanent role for the right person. Meridian Business Support is acting on behalf of our Client as a Recruitment Agency."	"Gateshead"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£9.50 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"414"	414	"Supervisory Assistant - St Wilfrid's RC VA Primary School"	"   Package  Fixed Term to 31st August 2020 linked to a staffing review Part -time 5 hours per week, during school term time. Grade B SCP 3 £18,065 paid pro rata to term time only and part-time hours  Job category/type  Schools - Support  Job description  The Governors are seeking to appoint a Supervisory Assistant.  The proposed working hours will be 12pm - 1pm each day. In addition to those provided in the job profile, duties would include:  Supervising the entry of pupils into the dining room. When necessary, assisting pupils to collect meals from the distribution areas. Supervising table manners and, in the case of some pupils, assisting in the correct use of cutlery, cutting up of meals etc. Encouraging pupils to eat meals and try meals which are new to them. Maintaining high standards of behaviour and manners. Responsibility for wiping up spillages and clearing breakages during service time in the dining area. Supervising and encouraging good quality play in the playground, hall or classrooms, according to prevailing weather conditions. Dealing with minor accidents, spillages etc. and reporting any serious accidents/incidents to the First Aider. Ensuring relevant documentation is completed in the event of an accident/incident. Any other duties which may be required from time to time by the Head Teacher.  If successful you will be required to apply for an enhanced Disclosure.  Application forms and further information are available from Mrs Topping (Office Manager), St Wilfrid's RC VA Primary School, Old Fold Road, Gateshead, NE10 0DJ. Telephone 0191 4771909  All completed application forms must be returned to the school by 15:30 hrs on Thursday 6th June 2019.    "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"415"	415	"Activities Co-ordinator"	" To organise and coordinate day to day activities in a busy Older peoples care home Experience of working in a care home setting Good communication skills and written skills to make sure that documentation is kept up to date To engage with staff and residents on a daily basis To work on a one basis with residents to work in group activities To be innovative in the kind of activities that are on offer Job Type: Full-time Salary: £7.83 to £8.21 /hour Experience: activities role: 1 year (Preferred) working in a care home: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Houghton le Spring"	NA	"£7.83 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.4699279	54.8406536
"416"	416	"Utility Surveyor"	" A Utility Surveyor is required to survey and map buried services for projects across the country. The role is mostly field based.  Company This is a very exciting time to join an expanding, ambitious organisation specialising in measured building surveys, topographical surveys and underground utility surveys. Their passion is to use the latest surveying technology and equipment to produce accurate 3D data of buildings, land, utilities and infrastructure; they are always looking for innovative new technology to improve their service. The business has a healthy, wide client base. It’s a relaxed working environment and sociable culture. They support employees through additional training and development, excellent career prospects.  Role In the role you will be carrying out utility mapping surveys. You will be working away from home on a regular basis. The split of site to office work is 70/30 initially. The main aspects of the role will be: Undertaking your own full Utility Surveys on site including tracing and mapping all drainage and existing buried services. Use of Radio Detection RD8000 and electromagnetic tracing equipment. Carrying out GPR surveys including data interpretation.  Experience Required Knowledge of N4ce or LSS survey software desirable. Knowledge of CAT and Genny utility equipment. Understanding of detecting and mapping buried utilities. Electromagnetic, GPR detection, drainage and sewage mapping. CSCS and confined spaces desirable but not essential. 3D modelling experience desirable, not essential, a willingness to learn how to model underground services is advantageous. Full UK driving licence essential.  Package Basic salary guide £17,000 to £25,000 depending on level of experience. Company vehicle (van) plus fuel card. Branded company workwear provided. Overtime paid. Fuel card. Travel expenses paid.  This is a permanent position and Corepeople Recruitment Limited will be acting as an employment agency for permanent recruitment on behalf of our client.  By applying for this job you accept the T&Cs, Privacy Notice and Disclaimers which can be found on our website. "	"Tyne and Wear"	NA	"£17,000 - £25,000 a year"	-1.566667	54.916667
"417"	417	"Resourcing Advisor"	" We are delighted to be working with our Newcastle based client to recruit a Resourcing Advisor for a 6 month fixed term contract starting asap. Working in an established Recruitment Team, you will screen applications and liaise with Hiring Managers to arrange interviews and assessment events. This is a team that pulls together during busy periods, so excellent team working skills are key, as is great recruitment resourcing experience gained in an in-house or agency environment. Interviews will be week commencing 20th May so please get in touch asap if you are interested in working in this great team. Job Type: Contract Salary: £24,000.00 to £25,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	"£24,000 - £25,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"418"	418	"Kitchen Assistant"	" Kitchen assistant required. General duties include; * keeping the kitchen area clean and tidy * helping the head chef * Washing dishes * preparing food Job Type: Part-time Location: Chester-le-Street, Durham (Preferred)"	"Chester-le-Street"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"419"	419	"Fish Fryer, Chip shop work"	" We are looking for an experienced fish fryer to work in a busy traditional fish and chip shop, in Ryhope, Sunderland. Duties will include preparing and frying fish, serving customers, stock taking, cleaning and other general duties. Please include a cover letter along with your CV, explaining why you would be perfect for the job. The successful candidate will have to be self motivated work well in a team and have a passion for the job. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Experience: Customer Service: 2 years (Preferred) Frying: 2 years (Preferred) Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"420"	420	"Business Administration Apprentice - Marketing Department"	"    We’re looking for a Business and Administration Apprentice (Marketing Department) to join us at our global headquarters based on the Newcastle Quayside. You’ll be part of a specialised team delivering both internal and external marketing initiatives to our branch offices and shipowner members worldwide. The position offers you an introduction to the discipline of business and administration alongside marketing and communications. You will gain experience and exposure in several areas of marketing and communications for two global brands: North P&I Club and Sunderland Marine. Your responsibilities will include general administration, assisting in the production of marketing materials and digital support. Your day may involve producing reports, booking travel and arranging meetings, maintaining departmental procedures as well as assisting on a range of marketing initiatives. This is an exciting opportunity to gain a qualification whilst working in a busy and varied role. As you’ll also work towards completing your Level 2 Business Administration Apprenticeship, it’s important you’re as committed to your development as we are. The post holder will gain experience and exposure in several areas including: General administration support: Invoice processing and management Team KPI preparation and distribution Team activity reporting Booking meeting rooms Travel arrangements Maintaining the department procedures document Marketing list maintenance – removing duplicates, etc. Budget reporting, analysis and review Agendas/minutes Event support – setting up, booking rooms, collating costs, etc. Corporate toolkit maintenance – including presentations, templates, etc. External communications: Assisting in the production of marketing materials Assisting with market research Setting up campaign microsites Digital: Monthly/weekly analytics (website, social, e-mail, and intranet) Maintain the Who’s Who on digital resources (web and intranet) Maintenance of M&C department intranet page Broken link reporting – intranet and website Cover for web/intranet posting Regular content checks Internal communications: Create and maintain an events calendar for the team to review forthcoming activity/potential bottlenecks/overlap Other: Deal with general queries Ability to cover other colleagues’ roles as necessary and when required Provide support to the wider marketing team Assist with any ad hoc administrative or marketing tasks to ensure the smooth running of the department and to assist with service delivery Carrying out other reasonable duties     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Working knowledge of MS Office (including Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook) IT literate with the ability to quickly adapt to new systems Accuracy of information and promptness of response Efficient and effective administration skills, demonstrating an attention to detail concerning work produced Demonstrate integrity, team working, professionalism, and accountability in our daily business and adopt behaviours which generate trust and confidence from line manager and colleagues    Personal qualities  Teamwork: Ability to work as part of a team Self-motivated, with a proactive approach Able to follow direction and work on own initiative Competent and effective: Good planning and organisational skills, with the ability to cope with a varied workload Communication: Effective interpersonal skills, with the ability to demonstrate good written and verbal communications Helpful, friendly, and courteous attitude Responsibility: Honesty and integrity with ability to manage confidential information Keen to learn and have a genuine interest in the role, team, progression, and North Group    Desired qualifications  Essential for the role - GCSE (or equivalent) grades A*-C/9-4. Must include English, maths.      Future prospects  At North we’re passionate about your development. We’re looking for someone who genuinely enjoys what they do and has a determined ‘can do’ attitude. In return we’ll offer you a rewarding career with the opportunity to build on your existing skills and knowledge. We’ll also offer you some great benefits including a competitive salary, generous pension scheme, private health insurance, subsidised car parking and gym facilities to name a few. There’s also the added bonus of our fantastic office on the Newcastle Quayside.    Things to consider  Please ensure you live within travelling distance of the company. Telephone interviews with Derwentside College will be a mandatory element for recruitment. No applications will be considered before completing this process.       "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"421"	421	"Foreign Exchange Consultant"	" Job Title: Foreign Exchange Sales Consultant Department: Retail Hours: Up to 37.5 hours per week, as per retail rota Role Summary In this role, you will be responsible for ensuring the profitability of the foreign exchange bureau. You will offer exceptional customer service, making each customer feel special, whilst dealing with the day-to-day operation of the bureau, increasing its exposure and developing new business leads with a view to achieving your individual and team sales targets. Key Responsibilities Ensuring profitability of foreign exchange bureau Achieving foreign exchange sales targets in relation to overall sales Converting Hays Travel customers to purchase Maximising individual and team sales of foreign exchange Providing exceptional customer service at all times Assisting with the day-to-day operation of the bureau Increasing exposure of bureau and developing new business leads Using social media to promote offers, generate customer engagement and sales leads Assisting with administration for branch Adhering to company standards by following foreign exchange sales structure Ensuring all sales opportunities are maximised in foreign exchange and ancillary sales Achieving given targets Monitoring local competition and managing rates and margins effectively on a daily basis Monitoring stock levels of foreign currency and ensuring that minimum quantities are maintained Accurate cash reconciliation and banking Performing administrative duties including checking invoices and forwarding onto client, collecting balance payments and verifying client ticket details Responsibility for security of the bureau Willingness to participate in training appropriate to own development Adhering to company policies and procedures Competencies Required Good accuracy and numerical skills Excellent administration and organisational skills Effective communication service and customer service experience Competent IT skills Qualifications / Experience Required Retail and direct sales experience, working to sales targets with a proven sales recordGeneral To undertake any other duties that may fall into the job criteria To conform with all company policies and procedures including health and safety To treat all employees, customers and suppliers with dignity and respect This job description is not intended as an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities of the post but simply reflects the key areas involved Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: customer service: 1 year (Required) cash handling: 2 years (Required) "	"Gateshead "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"422"	422	"Technology Risk Assurance Principal Auditor"	"Technology Risk Assurance Principal Auditor – Band 7  AuditOne is a recently formed provider of IT Assurance, Internal Audit, Counter Fraud and Risk Advisory services to a wide range of NHS, Local Authority, Further Education and public sector bodies across the North of England and Cumbria. We currently have a growing portfolio of 50+ client organisations and 64 staff located between six hub offices.  AuditOne is the product of a merger of four NHS employed audit groups. As a not-for-profit organisation we are hosted by Northumberland Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust, one of the largest NHS trusts in the north east.  Located in the vibrant North East of England, our offices are sited amongst outstanding natural beauty, with national parks, ancient cities like Durham and world heritage sites such as Hadrian’s Wall on our doorstep. We also benefit from the proximity of dynamic modern cities like Newcastle and Sunderland, with their famously lively regional cultures. We also have excellent national and international transport links in the form of regional hub railway stations (Newcastle and Darlington) and international airports (Newcastle and Durham/Tees Valley).  The post holder will fulfil an important role within a team providing specialist internal audit services to a group of NHS organisations, local authorities, FE colleges and to external clients.  The post holder will be required to audit a wide range of clients, planning, organising, controlling and conducting audits in accordance with Public Sector Internal Audit Standards and the high degree of autonomy expected in delivering projects. This will require the post holder to work with a high degree of independence, and to communicate with staff at all levels.  The post holder will also be expected to contribute to the training and development of Technology Risk Assurance Auditors.  We are looking for candidates with intellectual curiosity, particularly about the risks and opportunities for business arising from emerging technology. A good grasp of business process related matters is also required. The post holder will therefore be expected to keep up to date with new and emerging technologies, and business developments in our areas of operation, on an ongoing basis.  An ability to work co-operatively and collaboratively as part of a team to deliver a team result is essential, as is the drive and determination to overcome obstacles, resistance or challenges in order to achieve goals.  Evaluating existing practices and procedures to review whether there are more efficient ways of working will be a major part of the role.  Working with client management to gain acceptance of recommendations for alternative ways of working will be one of the key challenges, and accomplishments, of the role. The post holder will also undertake or assist the Technology Risk Assurance Manager with complex assignments.  Our standard full-time hours are 37.5 but we are happy to consider candidates wishing to work part time or other flexible working arrangements.  Informal enquiries can be made 9.00 – 5.30 weekdays to the Director of TRA, Stephen Watson, or TRA Manager Paul Tilney by ringing 0191 4415929."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£37,570 - £43,772 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"423"	423	"Digital Marketing Level 3 Apprenticeship"	"    Responsibilities: Be able to optimise social platforms to increase brand awareness and drive sales Create campaigns and marketing content to drive traffic and conversations through online channels Have basic knowledge of PPC, affiliates, social media and blogs Be able to increase our online presence Report on marketing results using social insights and google analytics Be able to develop promotional plans Keep up with current and future digital marketing technologies Deliver campaigns within budgets Implement campaigns to retain new and existing customers Have the ability to combine analytical insight with creative implementation     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills  Passionate for digital marketing Creative Ability to multitask Organised with strong attention to detail Proven track record in digital marketing Experience managing social media platforms Strong verbal and written communication (Full training will be provided for the right candidate)    Personal qualities Friendly and polite Reliable and punctual Desire to develop Honest and trustworthy    Desired qualifications  Maths, English and ICT, GCSE Grade 4-9 or equivalent.      Future prospects  Very good opportunity to develop and grow within the organisation.    Things to consider Apprentices are paid for their normal working hours and training that's part of their apprenticeship (usually one day per week). For more information please visit: https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates      "	"Gateshead "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"424"	424	"Digital Marketing Apprentice"	"    ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS & BASIC DUTIES: The role of the Digital Marketing Apprentice is to support and assist the Digital Marketing Managers with the implementation of our Digital Marketing Strategy in the following areas. SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMISATION Assist in Implementing the optimisation of the web site strategy. This will include on page optimisations such as Titles, H1 Tags and Meta Descriptions as set out by the SEO team Using Translate Tools to mirror UK Optimisations across our European Language web sites in France, Germany, Italy and Spain Use analytic tools to monitor SEO progress and develop reports EMAIL MARKETING Schedule Promotional Emails promoting latest products and offers Assist in Segmenting Customers Process Event Data Collection in to Database SOCIAL MEDIA Schedule Social Media Posts Schedule Social Media Competitions Reply to Social Media Messages and Post Replies Promote relevant Content from League Posts PPC Assist with developing PPC campaigns on Google, Social Media and Amazon THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS Assist in ensuring products are set up for optimum opportunity to sell on Amazon, Ebay and Fruugo Assist in developing third party PPC Advertising Campaigns on Amazon WEB SITE DEVELOPMENT Assist in product description copywriting Use translate tools to translate product copy in to languages for our German, French, Italian and Spanish web sites     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills An ability to communicate effectively both verbally and written Strong organisational, multi-tasking and time management skills Excellent attention to detail Ability to work on own initiative and as a team member     Personal qualities Enthusiasm and a positive attitude Self motivation – wants to do well Relates well with others Persistence – completes tasks Team work – contributes to team and organisation Willingness to learn Dependability     Desired qualifications A – C/9 - 4 maths and English or equivalent      Future prospects Possibility of full-time employment should a vacancy become available    Things to consider Overtime available midweek and weekends For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates       "	"Wallsend "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"425"	425	"DBS190/19 Higher Level Teaching Assistant Silverdale School"	"Silverdale School are looking to recruit two enthusiastic and creative team players as Higher Level Teaching Assistants to work flexibly within Silverdale School and the Primary Outreach Team. To apply you must hold the HLTA qualification or an equivalent level 4 qualification and have experience working with children with Social Emotional and Mental Health.  Silverdale is an educational setting for children aged 3-16 with Social, Emotional and Mental Health difficulties.  You must be able to meet the transport requirements of the role.  All shortlisted candidates will be invited for a visit to Silverdale School on the 20th June at 4.00pm.  Application packs are available from and should be returned to: Viv.Burnip@northtyneside.gov.uk  Silverdale School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. As such an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant employment checks deemed appropriate.  This post is term time only over 193 days.  If you have not heard by 20th June 2019 you have not been successful on this occasion."	"North Tyneside"	"Permanent"	"£20,810 - £22,574 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"426"	426	"Crew Member Part Time Metro Centre Green"	"  Join us and you'll become part of a crew, or a team, that works together to provide the best quick service, family restaurant experience – by far. If you've visited one of our restaurants before, you’ve probably got some idea of what's involved in working here. But you might not realise the variety and scope of the role. We want every McDonald's customer to have a brilliant experience, every time they visit. That means hot food in a clean and friendly restaurant. As a Crew Member, you'll make it happen, whether you're preparing food, serving on the till or being out in the dining areas looking after our customers' needs. A franchised restaurant is a restaurant operated by a local business person trading under the McDonald's name. Currently over half of our restaurants in the UK are franchised but from a customer point of view there's no difference. For employees there will be minor differences between a company and a franchised restaurant. Please refer to additional information for more details. Position Requirements Quite simply, you'll be working in our fast moving, high energy environment and we’re looking for a genuine smile plus an ability to connect with customers and make them feel valued. Position Attributes To join us as a Crew Member you’ll need to be confident in approaching and dealing with diverse groups of people. Friendly, courteous and helpful behaviour will come naturally to you and you’ll work well as part of a team. Effective communication skills such as attentive listening, face-to-face verbal communication and eye contact are a must. You’ll also need to understand the importance of maintaining high standards of quality and service as well as cleanliness. The ability to maintain high energy levels whilst working both efficiently and productively is essential. Finally, your appearance should be smart and clean.   "	"Gateshead "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"427"	427	"labourer"	" General Labourer needed for Durham city centre 2 months work must have experience of doing general labouring duties must have CSCS card and 2 working references Interested call Luke 0191 917 4740 Job Type: Temporary Salary: £9.50 to £9.51 /hour "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£9.50 - £9.51 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"428"	428	"Support Worker"	"     Support Worker Covering Durham, Sunderland and Teesside Permanent, Full Time (37.5 hpw) Salary £17,600 to £18,000 pa rising to £19,200 through length of service  Empowering customers to live rewarding and happy lives. That’s when it hits home.  Come and join our brilliant new Central Resource Team! We’re recruiting across Durham, Sunderland and Teesside. We’re looking for enthusiastic and caring Support Workers like you (known internally by us as Support Worker – Level 2) to join our team where we’ll provide support to over 20 services across Durham, Teesside and Sunderland. You’ll join our brand new team which is led by Lindsay who has worked for Home Group since 2008 when she started as a volunteer here. Lindsay took full advantage of all the training and experience that the company has to offer to rise to her current position as Senior Client Service Manager.  You’ll be one of 8 support workers, who need to be the Swiss army knife of support, who really can turn your hand to anything. This team has been developed to backfill annual leave for support workers in all of our supported accommodation and community based services in our area. We provide care and support to a wide range of customers, all with different levels of needs and abilities. This means that one day you could be working a late shift in one of our mental health services, supporting customers to learn the skills to live independently. You could then be on a day shift in one of our floating support services, supporting people with housing related issues.  You’ll be flexible in your approach, adaptable and resilient, thrive working with all types of people and caring in your nature.  It’s really important to us that you have time to what you are really care about; changing customer lives for the better. So to free up your time, you’ll be given the latest IT kit, which could include a Surface Pro tablet and smart phone, supported by our new online integrated IT system which means that you don’t have to be in the office as you can complete support plans on the go. You’ll also be paid between customers visit and for your mileage too.  You’ll be based either in the Durham or Stockton area and we will discuss that with you on the day we meet you.  About you  We would love to hear from you if you have experience delivering support to vulnerable people, and have knowledge of safeguarding. We want someone like you, with the passion and motivation for helping vulnerable people make positive and lasting changes to their lives. It’s important to us that you have the compassion and empathy to work with vulnerable people in a housing related social care setting and we do need you to also have good IT skills too.  As the role requires us to respond to the needs of the services across the area you will be really flexible and willing to travel across the whole of the area at short notice in some cases.  You will not have a set fixed rota of work but we do try to plan your shifts giving you a month in advance where possible. You will also have a day off rota so you can see when you are not in work across the whole year. As this is a community based role, you need to be able to drive, as well as having access to a car insured for business purposes. Don’t worry, we’ll pay you expenses to cover this use!  If you are successful, we need you to have an Enhanced Disclosure Check through the Disclosure and Barring Service which we’ll pay for.  Want to know more?  If you’re not reading this advert on our careers pages, press the APPLY NOW button to access lots of useful stuff! You can download our Support Worker Job description, and find out more about Home Group. We’ve also got these brilliant videos that show you what it’s like to work here, and we know you’ll want to find out more about our award winning benefits and rewards package!  To apply  Don’t delay applying for this brilliant job, as we may close it early if we get lots of applications! Just upload your CV and your covering letter (don’t forget to attach this, as we really want to know more about you!) If you need help, we’ve also got some great templates available. You’re unique! Home Group play a big part in tackling prejudice and discrimination, not just for our customers, but colleagues too! You can be yourself here, because we value everything that makes you unique. So whatever your age, race, sexuality, disability, religion, or gender identity, we recognise and celebrate our differences. Together we make Home Group a great place to work!#social #care      Work Locations: Durham (Mercury House) Mercury House Belmont Business Park Durham DH1 1TW  "	"Durham"	NA	"£17,600 - £18,000 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"429"	429	"Interim Supply Chain Planner"	"  Job Type: Contract Category: Manufacturing  Central Employment is delighted to be supporting of our our key manufacturing client who require an Interim Supply Chain Planner to cover a 4 weeks sickness in the Supply Chain Department based in North Shields. A successful candidate will have experience related to the planning of production or technical admin.  Responsibilities Supporting the business in inventory management Supporting the wider business with system development inventory control Manage stock take, making sure all documentation is in line with company’s standards. Adjusting stock and minimising financial exposure. Ensure availability of stock, using inventory processing tools Keep track of production plans against materials and materials’ availability to highlight potential risks. Liaison with the buying department, shift managers and logistics. Proactive management of stock and stock relating activities Cover for other departments and any other ad hoc admin related duties Requirements Above all, good knowledge and understanding of manufacturing & planning Proactive attitude towards problem solving, ability to work independently and handle urgent issues in a timely manner High level of numeracy & literacy skills Keen eye for detail Ability to work effectively as part of the team This role is an immediate start so please apply online (attaching your CV) as soon as possible. Please be advised that due to the high volume of applications we receive, we are unable to respond to each application individually, please be assured that we will contact all applicants selected for interview in due course. Central Employment are an equal opportunities Employer.   "	"North Shields"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£20,000 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"430"	430	"Apprentice Administrator"	"General administration duties; filing, photocopying, scanning of documents and writing letters/emails Handling, opening and distribution of incoming mail Scanning postal items Managing outgoing mail, including recorded delivery, filing and franking post Maintain Client Confidentiality at all times General upkeep of office including cleaning, tidying and general housekeeping Inputting of data to bespoke software, as well as microsoft packages Support the facilities dept - obtaining stationery requests and ensuring timely ordering and delivery of items Maintaining records of postage costs for client bills Managing diary systems Collating information for clients  Requirements and prospects Desired skills Excellent organisation skills A fair but firm approach Excellent attention to detail Excellent communication skills Ability to prioritise workload Good literacy and numeracy skills Team player Personal qualities Good work ethic Presentable and professional Self motivated Able to work well as part of a team and individually Positive attitude Good communication skills both verbal and written Able to prioritise and manage your own time effectively and work well under pressure Desired qualifications Candidates must have maths and English grades 4 - 9 / A - C or equivalent Future prospects This employer has a history of retaining apprentices and there is a strong possibility of a long career in business for the right candidate, as well as higher level qualifications Things to consider For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Houghton le Spring "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.4699279	54.8406536
"431"	431	"Front of House Apprentice"	" Duties to include: Maintenance of a safe, hygienic and secure working environment Working effectively as part of a team Serve food Give customers a positive impression of yourself and your organisation Serve drinks Keep up to date with new products, menus and promotions Adhere to company policies and procedures and licensing laws Requirements and prospects Desired skills Excellent communication skills Understanding that the customer comes first Maintaining a high standard of customer service Good teamwork ethic The ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment Personal qualities Clean, tidy and professional appearance Punctual and reliable Must be available to work evenings and weekends Desired qualifications Flexible regarding qualifications, we're more interested in the right candidate for the role.  Future prospects Potential to gain a permanent role after completing.  Things to consider Apprentices are paid for their normal working hours and training that's part of their apprenticeship (usually one day per week). For more information please visit: https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"432"	432	"180 Excavator /Backhoe operator"	" 180 Excavator driver wanted permanent position with long established family business.. working in plant hire, at sites throughout the North East. Good rates of pay with service time Tax free expenses and overtime payments .. CPCS or NPORS required however would consider someone without the qualifications but has experience Of Groundworks. Own transport is a must .. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £11.00 /hour Job Type: Full-time Experience: groundworks: 1 year (Preferred)"	"North Tyneside"	NA	"£11 an hour"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"433"	433	"Chartered Building Surveyor"	" Due to the success of our Building Surveying department we are seeking a Chartered Building Surveyor to help service an expanding workload. The successful candidates will work in the building surveying division of our commercial & residential property consultancy business. Candidates will be involved in a variety of project and professional instructions which will enable them to gain valuable experience over a broad range of service lines. The role will involve working directly with clients to ensure projects from £10,000 up to £2 million are successfully administered as well as undertaking traditional building surveying appointments in pre-acquisition surveys, PPMs, condition surveys, schedules of condition and dilapidations appointments. Bradley Hall is an established group of companies offering a complete suite of professional property services. We have an extensive list of existing clients and regularly secure new clients through satisfied customers referrals. We value drive and ambition and seek to offer a high level of service with commercial awareness and quality as standard. The candidate will work under the direction of the Head of Building Surveying in our Newcastle city centre office. Required attributes: MRICS qualified Motivated and commercially aware Confident in offering technical building surveying advice A minimum of a 2:1 grade in a RICS accredited degree Experience in delivering projects to at least a minimum value of £50,000 Experience in all aspects of building surveying essential for chartered role Residential and commercial experience preferred Excellent presentation skills Surveyors will be given the freedom to plan their own workload in a role offering vast variety. Involvement in both our commercial and residential businesses will be required with ongoing instructions supplied by the broad range of group services we offer. This will be a challenging and rewarding role with a rapidly expanding firm with an excellent existing client base across Europe. Competitive salary £25,000-£40,000 per annum depending on experience + bonus + benefits. For a confidential discussion please feel free to contact Henry Scott MRICS at Bradley Hall (0191 232 8080). Job Type: Full-time Salary: £25,000.00 to £40,000.00 /year Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£25,000 - £40,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"434"	434	"Activity Adventure Leader"	"Adventure Leader Dukeshouse wood, Hexham 40 hrs per week Salary- NMW We are looking to recruit an Adventure Leader at our Dukeshouse wood site to deliver sessions/programmes that delight guests and meet the aims and objectives of school groups. The Adventure Leader will deliver excellent customer experience of all Kingswood programmes to the highest standard. Providing support and mentoring to apprentice activity leaders and support the Induction process. You will deliver a variety of outdoor and indoor sessions which may include climbing, rope activities and classroom sessions. About you The successful candidate will be: Highly motivated, energetic and enthusiastic team player with a proven commitment to developing young people through education. Good interpersonal, communication and organisational skills and demonstrate positive behaviour. An excellent role model for our apprentice activity leaders. The desire to develop yourself through the completion of your level 3 activity leadership qualification. About Kingswood We are one of the leading providers of residential trips, we support teachers and group leaders in bringing learning to life. We aim to instil self-confidence and a sense of achievement, through a positive experience which is educational, enjoyable, challenging and rewarding. We have 10 centres across the UK and France, providing unbeatable learning experiences outside the classroom. Each centre is unique and offers slightly different educational opportunities. Our locations range from Areas of Outstanding Natural beauty to Sites of Special Scientific Interest. We know there’s more to life than work – that’s why when you join Kingswood Learning and Leisure Group you’ll get your pick of our amazing company perks. That includes phone insurance, tastecards and great price cinema tickets, plus loads more. Find out more about all our employee rewards here: https@//www.perkbox.co.uk/kingswoodlearningandleisuregroup Successful candidates are required to undergo an enhanced DBS disclosure at the company’s expense. You need to possess the legal right to live and work in the UK to be considered for employment with Kingswood."	"Hexham"	"Permanent"	NA	-2.1017927	54.971478
"435"	435	"Head of Projects"	" This position is a full-time staff role, based on a standard 40 hour week, attracting a competitive salary & benefits package. Reporting to the Operations Director, the Head of Projects will be responsible for supporting the development of the company's Project Management capability, and will ultimately be responsible for the successful delivery of projects and the management and development of the Project Management Team within the business, providing direction and leadership to the Project Management Team. The Head of Projects acts as the main client focal point, and is also responsible for ensuring that all projects are managed effectively and have the necessary resources to facilitate on schedule and to budget delivery. Key aims and objectives for the Head of Projects are:  Aid in development and winning of new business, with the focus being on Brownfield Engineering Projects Manage the execution of a portfolio of projects Participate in pro-actively in the improvement of business project processes Develop staff performance through coaching and mentoring subordinates and peers Responsibility and Authority The position has the responsibility for all project management services within the company as shown in the Company Organogram including: The management of the project management functions to ensure successful project delivery, accurate reporting and forecasting within both the projects and to clients and company management The monitoring and control of project performance against budget, schedule, quality and safety requirements using appropriate control tools Co-ordination of the inputs from the various discipline leads into the budgeting, planning and execution of the Project Ensuring that the application of change management is applied consistently throughout the business Support Business Development in the identification, pursuit and win of projects Strategic positioning with Clients – establishing a relationship and a profile that will maximise the profile of the company with focus on the potential for negotiated awards To develop Project Management expertise by developing initiatives which are presently underway to enhance the consistency of the project Management methodology ensuring that solutions are available for all new projects To act as ‘Project Sponsor’ through proposal phases and then to lead in the execution of future project portfolios The administering of the client contract agreements and Client whereby the company's interests are protected and income optimised, whilst also ensuring that Client is satisfied. The maintaining of close contact with Client throughout the project to ensure satisfactory reaction to Clients needs or criticisms To identify, develop and recruit staff for Project Management/Project Services functions The position has signing authority in accordance with the company signature matrix Typical work-based activities include:  Communicate effectively with company management / project stakeholders and build long term relationships with clients, ensuring customer satisfaction is at the forefront of all project activities Provide effective leadership, sound business sense and commercial judgment, to the project Management team, ensuring all projects are executed in accordance with company business practices and corporate policies Provide technical and commercial assistance to Project Managers and Project Engineers throughout the Project lifecycle Develop Proposals, CTR’s, Work Breakdown Structures and Project Programmes with the assistance of the project management services team, ensuring project stakeholders at all levels are co-ordinated and activities/deliverables are monitored to achieve key milestone requirements Ensure effective management of the project deliverables from project initiation to final contract completion and closeout Ensure Management of Change procedures are rigorously enforced and all/any change is visible, recorded and managed Liaise with the Project Managers, Project Engineers and Engineering Manager to identify resource and service needs, ensuring unnecessary costs are eliminated and commercial processes are improved Ensure up to date cost and progress information is maintained by which the project can be controlled in all areas within defined budgets Conduct and participate in meetings internally and externally as required- including financial, planning, resourcing, project (project handover, kick-off, progress reviews, financial reviews, lessons learned and close out, etc.) and strategy Perform and lead regular project risk reviews and eliminate, mitigate or manage subsequent residual project risk Ensure work is carried out in a safe manner and in compliance with company HSE Policy Identify potential new and/or innovative systems, process, hardware or software that could be beneficial to the company Develop and deliver presentations as required Provide project manager stand in cover as needed Essential Criteria Degree Qualification within an appropriate sector. Professional Membership of an appropriate institution or body. Experience Significant experience post-academic qualificationsRobust knowledge of senior operational, project management and business development activitiesExperienced in planning, progress monitoring, forecasting and reporting of multi-discipline projectsSolid grasp of multi-disciplined project practices and techniquesSolid grasp of quality control / safety / environmental strategies and objectivesExperienced in commercial, contractual and administrative aspects of multi-discipline projects and engineering activitiesExcellent client management and senior stakeholder skillsSound knowledge of statutory documentation relating to project managementSound technical background and wide-ranging expertise using a number of procurement methods and contract typesAbility and experience to lead a multi-discipline / departmental teamJob Type: Full-time Experience: Oil & Gas Brownfield Modifications: 10 years (Preferred) Project Management: 10 years (Required) leading a multi-discipline / departmental team: 10 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"436"	436	"Sales & Marketing Assistant"	" CareerSolve have an excellent opportunity to join an award winning client in County Durham. We are looking to recruit a Sales & Marketing Assistant. This is an entry level role so candidates looking to kickstart their sale and marketing career please get in touch! The successful candidate will be responsible for the following: Update Marmax website Monitor Catalogue Customer websites ensuring they have the most up to date photographs and correct information Look at all council run tender websites and pass on relevant leads to Sales Force Update sales & marketing databases Resource new customers / markets for sales personnel Monitor competitors activity re sales promotions and new products The ideal candidate will have a passion for marketing and a confident and enthusiastic manner. You will be joining a great team. For further details please contact Laura Gillespie Job Type: Full-time Salary: £14,000.00 /year "	"Stanley"	NA	"£14,000 a year"	114.2159129	22.2143908
"437"	437	"Apprentice Office Administrator"	" Duties/responsibilities to include:General administration duties, including: Meeting visitors Organising refreshments Sorting mail Sending and receiving e-mails Answering telephone calls and transferring them as necessary Recording messages Scanning Photocopying Filing General housekeeping Requirements and prospects Desired skills Basic English, maths, and ICT.  Personal qualities High level of motivation Efficient Excellent telephone manner Ability to multitask Friendly and pleasant attitude Willingness to learn Excellent timekeeping skills Desired qualifications Ability to work on own and as part of a team Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Good numeracy and literacy skills Knowledge of Microsoft packages Future prospects Potential full-time position for the right candidate upon successful completion of the apprenticeship.  Things to consider Driving licence would be of benefit but not essential."	"Durham "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"438"	438	"Personal Banking Advisor"	" Permanent 35 hour week, over 5 days which may include occasional weekend work. Starting salary £17, 515- £18,890 dependant on experience and rising with accreditation My client is an award winning business with a reputation for embracing new technology along with developing exceptional products and delivering 1st class customer service. The ethos in the Customer Service Centre is putting customers first and getting things right first time. As well as handling calls you will be working on a variety of interesting administration tasks which are allocated daily. A comprehensive training and benefits package is available to ensure that working for the business is rewarding, they are keen that you develop and participate in projects, initiatives and become a valued multi-skilled member of the team The rewards & benefits package includes: 25 days holidays plus bank holidays (increasing with service to 30) Corporate pension scheme Life assurance & permanent health insurance Corporate bonus scheme Buying holidays back policy 4 week rotational shift pattern for full time members of staff (part time please enquire) 1 week of 9am- 5pm 1 week of 10am - 6pm 1 weeks of 8am - 4pm 1 week of 12- 8 - with 2 days off during the week and in on the sat and sun that week - (sat 9am- 5pm and sun 10am-4pm) Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £17,515.00 to £18,890.00 /year "	"Wallsend "	"Permanent"	"£17,515 - £18,890 a year"	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"439"	439	"Property Coordinator"	" Position: Property Maintenance Coordinator  Location: Newcastle NE5 Salary: The annual salary is £16,500 with bonus so expected to achieve £18,000 to £18,500 if targets are met.  Hours: The working hours are between 9.30am to 5.30pm Mondayto Friday and 2 Saturdays between 9.30am to 2.30pmevery 2 weeks on a rota basis. The role is mainly office based however we would require the applicant to carry out property inspections when required. There are pool cars available however if the applicant needs to use their own car millage at 40p a mile would be paid. Purpose This role is to support the Operations Manager and Lettings team in property maintenance and related duties. Accountable to: Property Manager Essential Skills/Qualities High level of verbal and written communication skillsIT SkillsOrganisational skillsAttention to detail/accuracyCustomer service skillsPractical approach to issuesAdditional or specific skills that would be an advantage Full clean driving licenceTelephone skillsBasic knowledge of household issuesTasks to include:  Logging and following up maintenance issues across the property portfolioLiaising with landlords and tenants about costs and timescalesAssisting tenants to self-manage maintenance where appropriateLiaising with and instructing contractorsArranging Legal safety certificatesChecking and processing invoicesCarrying out property inspectionsBooking viewingsJob Type: Full-time Salary: £16,500.00 to £18,500.00 /year Experience: Property: 1 year (Preferred) Property Management: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£16,500 - £18,500 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"440"	440	"Part Time Accounts Assistant"	"Part time Accounts Administrator Here at Mike Rogerson Estate Agents we are looking for a part time Accounts Assistant Experience is preferable but training can be giving to the correct candidate. The correct candidate will have excellent commination skills in person and on the telephone, they will have good IT skills and will be familiar with emails and computer systems, the ability to multi task is essential, a can do attitude and attention to detail is necessary. The ability to work in a busy non stop environment would also be an advantage. Duties will include but are not limited to: Assisting the accounts manager Receipting and processing rental payments Processing invoices Reconciling the systems Keeping the rental system up to date with Move in and Move out Be proficient in working with computer and estate agency software Attend training where required Familiar with all systems, procedures and legislation Project a professional image to the public and work colleagues Ensuing that service standards are met by adhering to company policies and procedures Hours of work would be 3 days per week approximately 5 hours per day and could involve working a Saturday. Salary; dependant on experience, in line with the current Government legislation"	"Ashington"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5708473	55.182294
"441"	441	"morning cleaning operative"	" Morning cleaning operative required to work in North Shields. 6 mornings per week including weekends (6am - 9am). £8.21 per hour. Please call Olga on 07803436648 to arrange an interview Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: cleaning: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: driving license (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"North Shields"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"442"	442	"TALENTED NIGHTLIFE PHOTOGRAPHER WANTED - DURHAM"	"EXPERIENCED NIGHTLIFE PHOTOGRAPHER REQUIRED TO SERVICE REGULAR SESSIONS AT A PRESTIGIOUS DURHAM NIGHTSPOT. > Frequency of work is a minimum of 4x shoots per calendar month. Shifts are (typically) 2-3 hours; Thursdays, Fridays & Saturdays between the hours of 8:00 pm & 3:00 am. THERE ARE NO SALES INVOLVED & THIS IS NOT A COMMISSION-BASED POST! Rates of pay range from £35.00 (for a 1hr min session) to £110.00 (for a 6hr session), higher rates on occasion (i.e. red carpet & special events). Applicants MUST be courteous & efficient, able to generate a high shot-count & quickly edit & upload images to our website. Delivery is required by 15:00 hrs the following day. > This is a freelance (non contract) position. Creative guidance & technical support is available on request. Applicant Criteria Previous nightlife / club photography experience (samples required) > Essential. A high-end digital SLR with a dedicated external flash > Essential. Interchangeable lenses: (1) A standard “portrait” / zoom lens (2) A wide-angle lens > Essential. Access to a computer (for off-site editing) & a broadband connection (for upload) > Essential. Comprehensive knowledge of digital editing software (PhotoShop or Lightroom) > Essential. Access to a motor vehicle > Preferable. Own public liability insurance (min of £3M cover) > Preferable. > You MUST to be confident, outgoing, reliable & able to execute to a consistently high standard. > All applicants must be over 18 years of age (as you may be required to attend premises licensed to retail alcohol) & eligible to work in the UK. Application Process Apply via our online application form (referenced within) ONLY. Applications by ANY other method will be rejected: http://photography.licklist.co.uk/application SUCCESSFUL APPLICANTS ONLY WILL BE CONTACTED. PLEASE ALLOW 28 DAYS FOR OUR RESPONSE. NO UNSOLICITED EMAIL OR TELEPHONE ENQUIRIES. THANK YOU. See our other listings for similar positions throughout the UK."	"Durham"	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"443"	443	"Software Consultant (Sage Enterprise Management)"	" Sage Enterprise Management Consultant to £65k doe. Home based across the UK – One of Europe's leading suppliers of ERP solutions is seeking to strengthen their position in the mid to upper market by appointing an experienced ERP Business Consultant with strong Financials or Manufacturing knowledge to implement Sage Enterprise Management Solutions (Sage X3) across the UK.  PERSON:  Previous experience in implementing complex mid to upper range Sage Enterprise Management (X3) solutions to external clients  Strong Business Consultancy skills, including a sound knowledge of accounting or manufacturing, business process mapping, and business operations First class communication skills, with strong analytical abilities and able to impart knowledge and information to users through consultancy and training Ideally Business or IT degree and Sage accredited.  ROLE:  To implement Sage Enterprise Management into external clients and to provide consultancy regarding functionality to ensure an effective solution Conduct scoping exercises to analyse and specify customer requirements Review project issues with PM and resolve technical queries within areas of expertise Provide training and support  Build relationships internally and with new and existing clients.  This role will involve UK travel and so you may be located in the North, or home based in the Midlands, Yorkshire or South but you will be expected to attend training courses and meetings at HQ in North West England. To £65k doe.  To £65,000 + benefits "	"North East"	NA	"£45,000 - £65,000 a year"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"444"	444	"Quality Inspector"	" Quality Inspector  Washington Temporary ongoing £8.50 p/h day shift Our client are a manufacturer of products for a variety of industries; they currently have an opportunity for a Quality Inspector to join their team on a temporary ongoing basis. The Role Visually inspecting a range of fabricated parts Using quality inspection tools such as verniers and micrometers Liaise with other members of the quality inspection team The Ideal Candidate Will Have previous experience using quality tools Be able to read engineering drawings Be flexible to assist the rest of the team and other departments Have strong communication skills Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.50 to £8.55 /hour Experience: quality inspecting: 1 year (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Washington"	"Temporary"	"£8.50 - £8.55 an hour"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"445"	445	"Early Years Leader"	"Required for September 2019 Salary (M1 – UPS3 + TLR2a)  We are seeking to appoint an experienced, passionate, inspirational and innovative Early Years Leader to join our fast moving, forward thinking school and play an important role as a member of the leadership team. This is an outstanding career opportunity for an exemplary and innovative practitioner who has aspirations to become a future senior leader. The successful candidate should have high expectations of pupil progress and achievement, a commitment to raising standards and a passion for EYFS teaching and children’s learning.  We are looking for an outstanding classroom practitioner who has: The ability to work collaboratively and flexibly as part of a highly skilled team and form positive relationships with children, parents, staff and other professionals Relevant training and experience of successful teaching and learning in Early Years High expectations and standards in achievement and behaviour A firm belief and strong commitment to inclusive education A clear understanding of how children are motivated and learn effectively A creative approach to encourage children to take ownership of their own learning Energy, commitment, enthusiasm and initiative Deadline: Monday 20 May 2019  Shortlisting will take place on Tuesday 21 May 2019, with schools visits on Wednesday 22 May 2019 and interviews on Thursday 23 May 2019  All visits to the school are warmly welcomed.  Please contact the school office on 0191 371 0777 to arrange a visit. How to apply: Application forms should be completed and returned with a supporting letter of no more than two sides of A4 to marysia.mynhardt@sacristonacademy.co.uk or by post to Ms Annalei Inkster (Headteacher), Sacriston Academy, Witton Road, Sacriston, DH7 6LQ"	"Durham "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"446"	446	"Senior Accounts Clerk"	" Mirror & Glass processing Ltd are One of the UKs leading glass processing & installation service providers. We are looking for hard working and enthusiastic individuals to enhance our financial accounts office team. The selected candidate shall work along side the Financial Director following a well orgonised financial structure. The selected candidate shall need to show confidence and personality when dealing with customers and general public both in person and over the telephone. Computer skills and the ability to work as part of a team is vital. Experience in the glass industry is NOT essential. Training will be provided. Key Attributes SAGE invoicing softwareAccounts experience Works well as part of a team Friendly & confident talking with clients Working Hours - Mon-Fri 8:30am-5:00pm. Wage - £9.00 per hour. FREE parking at our building & local bus routes nearby.Team Valley Trading Estate, Gateshead. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.00 /hour Experience: accounts: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Gateshead"	NA	"£9 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"447"	447	"FOH Supervisor P/T 16hrs"	" We're looking for a competent and efficient individual to join our team as a part time Supervisor. As a small cafe in the East of the City our reputation for quality home cooked food stands ahead of the rest. We are proud of our reputation and continue to improve our business on a model of quality food and impeccable customer service. This is a hands on role so you will be part of the FOH team, always leading by example to ensure very high service standards are met or exceeded. Positive energy is a pre-requisite. You will be working with the House Manager to ensure the smooth running of the cafe and ensure guests have orders taken in a timely manner, motivate the team and deal with customer feedback. We are looking for a candidate with a passion for food and high standards of service. The role will include working in all aspects of the Cafe , from preparing and making food, to making coffees, providing the best quality service to our customers, general cleaning duties, supervising staff members, ensuring the highest possible food standard, as well as setting up for events, responsible for cashing up, opening up and closing the premises. You will deputise in the House Managers absence Good literacy & numeracy skills are essential Days of work will include Friday & Saturday and 1 other weekday. 16-20 hrs per week negotiable. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.00 /hour Experience: Front of House: 3 years (Required)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 - £9.00 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"448"	448	"Business Administration Apprenticeship"	"Within this role you will be responsible for a number of administrative tasks that will include:  Typing quotes Placing orders Packaging stock Answering the telephone Collating and reporting of data Using Excel Providing Reception cover Dealing with customers The candidate must be IT literate and be able to use Excel.  Requirements and prospects Desired skills Motivated willingness to learn and have a positive attitude.  Personal qualities Good timekeeping, good communication skills and have an interest in business administration and want an apprenticeship.  Desired qualifications The ideal candidate will have GCSEs, or equivalent, grade C or above in Maths, English and ICT.  Please note that level 2 adult literacy and level 2 adult numeracy will not be accepted. This is due to the apprenticeship certificate awarding body’s requirements.  Future prospects An excellent opportunity to progress in a team of colleagues and learn several aspects of the business.  Things to consider A candidate’s successful application will lead to an assessment and interview with Tyne North Training and the possibility of an interview with the prospective employer.  In the first instance all applicants must attend Tyne North Training’s premises, or a designated venue, for an eligibility check, assessment and interview.  Bus fare will be reimbursed on production of a valid day ticket."	"Wallsend "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"449"	449	"Sales & Retentions Advisor"	" Are you looking to change your job? Do you want to work for a large well-known UK Insurance brand? Firstsource are currently recruiting for Sales & Retentions Advisors to work alongside a major Insurance company in Sunderland. We are a people-centric company and a great place to work, built around a core of professionalism, meritocracy and innovation. At Firstsource we have a professional, high performing and vibrant work force. You'll be fully PC literate and experienced using online systems or quick at picking up how to use new systems. You'll bring with you your excellent experience in customer service and administration. If you have experience in a similar environment, you'll be able to hit the ground running, and we will give you all the support you need to do this. Excellent planning and organisational skills will come naturally to you. Your ability to communicate to a high standard, both written and verbally are essential. Being able to communicate with our customers over the phone and making them feel valued while resolving their queries effectively and in a timely manner is essential to this role. If you love a challenge and using your problem solving skills in an analytical and mathematical way, you'll do just great. Above all, we are looking for you to be proactive, self-motivated and keen to learn with great attention to detail and the desire to work in an environment where the customer is at the heart of everything we do. Accountabilities:  Meet and exceed individual targets Keep up to date with products and pricing to ensure correct information is given to the client. Ensure that offering a high level of customer service is always at the forefront of your actions. Proactively contribute to the completion of the team’s workload Respond efficiently to a range of external and internal customer enquiries ensuring that the information provided is clearly understood escalating issues where appropriate Accurate and timely housekeeping and record maintenance. Must have good computer skills Must have passion, enthusiasm and commitment to delivering with considerable attention to retaining highest levels of service quality. High degree of accuracy Good written and verbal communication skills Adaptability to changes in procedures/services Driven and enthusiastic, taking specific tasks and taking these through to completion. Benefits:  Full training Overtime and bonus incentives 21 days' holiday (plus Bank Holiday allowance), increasing 1 day per year of service '£300 refer a friend to work for us' scheme Healthcare Plan Fortnightly pay About Firstsource:  Firstsource is a people-centric company and a great place to work. At Firstsource , we have a professional, high performing and vibrant work force. Our values are integral to our success, and they are what differentiate us from the rest. Serving over 100 global clients – from multiple delivery centers and in various languages – we are supported by a 26,000+ global workforce in India, Philippines, Sri Lanka, USA and UK. With more than a decade in the BPO industry, Firstsource has shown consistent year-on-year growth. We have weathered economic downturns and come out of these even stronger – thanks to our sound management and clear objectives. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £16,000.00 /year Experience: Sales: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	NA	"£16,000 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"450"	450	"Support Workers - Gateshead"	"We will soon be opening a new service in Gateshead and are looking to recruit 8 male and female support workers each for 35 hours per week.  You will initially be supporting a young man in his own home to live independently, but it is expected that more people requiring support will move into the property. As a support worker you will need to assist with domestic tasks and provide support with finances, the administration of medication and personal care. You will also need to assist him access the community and help him engage in cultural activities.  Supporting someone with their daily life is not a 9-5 job. You will need to be able to work across a range of different days and shift patterns, including waking nights and sleep in shifts (Payment for sleep ins is competitive and compliant with National Living Wage requirements). We realise that your quality time is important too, so your rota is prepared in advance – If you have a request, something special going on, your manager will certainly try to help you meet it. It takes a special person to be a support worker – if you have a positive attitude and want to improve the lives of people with a learning disability, we will support you with progression opportunities throughout your career with us.  An enhanced DBS will be required for each successful candidate (Paid for by Mencap, T&Cs apply)  Vacancy ID 16906"	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	"£16,250 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"451"	451	"Kitchen Assistant"	"If you’re on the lookout for an opportunity as Kitchen Assistant or want to start as a Kitchen Assistant and go on to become a Chef then this could be just the right career move for you! As our Kitchen Assistant with us you’ll be a valued part of our ‘family’ that loves the thrill of working under pressure in a well-known and much-loved business! WHAT WE LOOK FOR IN OUR KITCHEN ASSISTANTS: Passionate about working in hospitality Great eye for detail Enjoys and wants to be an active member of a team Excellent verbal communication An understanding of what amazing guest service looks like KITCHEN ASSISTANT ROLE: Preparing food Taking PRIDE in maintaining highest standards of cleanliness Adhere to safety and hygiene regulations at all times  ABOUT US From the moment our guests walk through the door, only the best will do. The best ingredients, the most mouth-watering food, truly exceptional levels of service from a team that loves to make every visit an occasion to savor. If you take pride in being outstanding; if you’re dedicated to learning every day; and if you want to progress within a growing restaurant concept, you’ll love a career with Miller & Carter. WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU: We can offer you a personalised induction based on your current skills and knowledge, then set you some tailored goals within our S.T.A.R. development programme. This will help you progress to the next level, and beyond. Besides this you will have the opportunity to develop your career to some of our other excellent brands in Mitchells & Butlers.  33% off in ALL our businesses for you and up to 5 friends Tailored industry training Pension Option to opt in for some of our share schemes (e.g. Free Shares Plan) Shopping discounts with many UK leading retailers Discounts on shoes for work Flexible shifts Up to 28 days holiday Chance to earn extra money with our Referral Scheme  Oh, and you’ll have a whole heap of fun! Required skills: Engaging Personality , Enjoys meeting new people, Passionate about food, drink and great service"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"452"	452	"Clinical Lead"	"An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Clinical Lead with Intensive Community Treatment Service (ICTS), Northumberland & North Tyneside. This is a senior practitioner role working in collaboration with the multi-disciplinary team to support the development of the service we provide to children and young people. The multi-disciplinary team comprises a highly skilled and experienced workforce of Consultant Psychiatrists, Nurses, Psychologists, Occupational Therapists, Psychotherapists, Social Workers and Art Therapists.  You will work collaboratively with the Team Manager to offer effective leadership within a specialist mental health service, which provides mental health assessment and intervention for children and young people with complex mental health problems, including those with a learning disability.  You will be working within a supportive leadership team and have the ability to further develop leadership skills.  Our aim is to provide world class quality services for children and young people. If you think you can help us to achieve this then come and join us!  ICTS operates from 8.00am to 21.30pm Monday to Friday, 09:00am to 18.00pm weekends and bank holidays (shift system)"	"Morpeth "	NA	"£37,570 - £43,772 a year"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"453"	453	"Restaurant Supervisor | Seasonal Role"	" We’re all about people. Why else would we be in hospitality? What will I be responsible for as Restaurant Supervisor? You’ll support the Restaurant Management to lead, inspire and motivate the team to give exceptional, inspired service and a lasting positive impression making sure that our customers have everything they need to enjoy their restaurant experience. Our restaurant teams thrive on pressure and are motivated by providing a dining experience that is individual to our customers needs.On a day to day basis you’ll lead the team during service and provide them with support and coaching to deliver exceptional service to our customers. Where Will You Be Working? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s in it for you? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Is this Restaurant Supervisor role right for me? We are looking for someone who can communicate well with others, can carry out instructions, is able to pay close attention to detail and will commit to providing outstanding service to our guests. You will have excellent operational knowledge and a proven track in a similar hotel role or as a team leader. Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary "	"Slaley"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"454"	454	"Catering Assistant"	"   Catering Assistant 20 hours per week to be worked over a 7 day rota £8,130 or National Minimum Wage rates dependant on age - £8,742 per annum actual salary Working as part of St Oswalds catering team you will assist the chefs in the preparation and provision of food throughout the Hospice serving our patients, children, staff, volunteers and visitors. Basic catering experience is essential for this role. We can offer you: • Pleasant, supportive and rewarding working environment. • Pension scheme. • Free car parking. • Educational opportunities through our Learning & Development department. You are welcome to come and visit us to look around St Oswalds and meet the staff so you can fully appreciate the working environment and the full potential of the role. Please contact Maureen Raper, Head Chef on 01912850063 if you wish to arrange a visit or require further information about this role. This role is subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check (DBS). Closing date: Sunday 2nd June 2019 Please note we reserve the right to close this vacancy at any time if we receive a high volume of applications Interview date: Monday 10th June 2019 Registered Charity No. 503386 St Oswald’s Hospice aims to be an equal opportunities employer.   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"455"	455	"Conveyancing Legal Secretary"	" Job Description An experienced Legal Secretary is required to provide the full range of secretarial and administrative support to the Conveyancing Department at our Seaham/Sunderland/Durham offices. Duties - The Maintenance of instructing Fee Earner’s typing and filing. Checking of post, planned events and voicemail messages in fee earners absence, dealing with any routine matters in which they are competent Dealing with clients by telephone and/or in person; Dealing with queries where they are competent and taking messages etc where necessary. Reception duties as and when required Contribute to maintaining a safe and healthy working environment Contribute to maintaining and improving office procedures Any other duties which from time to time are reasonably required by the firm The candidate will have - Proactive approach to day to day tasks Strong organisational skills Sound keyboard and audio typing skills are essential. Accuracy and an eye for attention to detail. Familiarisation with Microsoft Office advantageous but not essential. The ability to maintain files in an orderly manner. An efficient and courteous telephone manner. A strong commitment to client care. The ability to communicate effectively with clients/colleagues/ other solicitors/authorities and other organisations etc. The ability to work well with others in a team environment or in isolation on own initiative when required. Flexibility – although most secretaries work for a designated Fee Earner all must be willing to accept work from other Fee earners when circumstances dictate Salary negotiable At least 3 years experience as a Conveyancing Legal Secretary is essential Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Experience: legal secretary: 1 year (Required) Secretarial: 1 year (Required) "	"Sunderland"	NA	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"456"	456	"Quality Coordinator"	"  Bullet points   Career Progression   Job Security    About Our Client  Based in the Newcastle upon Tyne area, commutable from Northumberland and Sunderland areas.  The business are a leading local employer with sites and customers across the globe.    Job Description Assist in the timely and effective resolution of quality concerns - in house and with suppliers As the Quality Coordinator work proactively to identify potential quality concerns and work to prevent re-occurrence Drive quality improvement using 8D Analysis of customer returns and product defects Assist in quality audits Support site efforts fro waste reduction    The Successful Applicant BTEC / HNC / HND in engineering, electronics, quality or related field 3+ years engineering / manufacturing exp with 2+ in a Quality position (QA / Quality Coordinator / Technician) Exp using verniers, CNC, shadowgraphs, micrometres ISO 9001 and recognised auditing qualification 8D, 5Y & SPC Six Sigma qualifications MRP / SAP exp.    What's on Offer  Salary DOE  Career Progression opportunity  Quality Coordinator  Newcastle upon Tyne based    Contact: Charlie Muzzlewhite   Quote job ref: 14016621  +44 191 490 4126  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"457"	457	"Aluminium Window Fitter"	" Experienced window fitter required must have experience working to a high standard in customers homes. Knowledge in fitting aluminium windows, bi-folding doors and sliding doors is required. May suit very experienced PVC installer. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £10.50 /hour Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Gateshead"	NA	"£10.50 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"458"	458	"Tax Advisory Professional"	"  Sellick Partnership are currently partnered with a leading Accountancy Firm based in Newcastle, specialising in Tax, are recruiting a Tax Advisory Professional to join their Financial services division.  To deliver advice to clients and assist in related implementation of such advice including any subsequent HMRC enquiry support. To build and strengthen relationships with clients and introducers.  Main tasks of job: Assist clients and introducers in the delivery of tax advice and related implementation Assist clients and introducers in dealing with any HMRC related enquires as a result of advice provided by Qubic Tax. Tax technical support to introducers/clients on tax advice solutions, queries etc Handle client queries in relation to past, present and potential future tax advice Develop business and manage relationships with new and existing clients Inform client queries and introducers of new tax advice being promoted by the firm or any historic tax advice which has been effected by changes in legislation. Use a CRM system as part of day/day activity. Administration assistance as and when required.   Sellick Partnership is a market-leading professional services recruitment specialist operating across the UK. Over the years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers and our expert team of consultants boast up-to-date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. Please note our advertisements use years' experience and salary levels purely as a guide. We are happy to consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary to fulfil the role. If you do not hear from us within 48 hours please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. For information on how your personal details may be used by Sellick Partnership, please review our data processing notice which can be found in the footer on our website.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"459"	459	"Multi Skilled operative"	" Looking for a dedicated, Reliable Multi skilled operatives to start ASAP. Working for a facilities management based in Newcasltle.  Working hours: Monday to Friday 08:00am - 16:30pm.  This is an excellent opportunity for anyone looking for regular, guaranteed work, with the potential to turn into a permanent role.   Multi-skilled operatives required to work on a busy responsive repairs contract based in Newcastle covering much of North East. Must be skilled in patch plastering, tiling, painting, joinery and plumbing, with either a strong bias to plumbing, or joinery.  Daily duties will include:  response work  Daily repairs  Changing pipe work  Fixing leaks  tiling  joinery  painting  plastering  Requirements:  Previous experience  NVQ level 2 and above  Valid UK driving licence.  If you are interested in this role please contact Lisa Cater at Resourcing group on 0113 2207564 lisa.cater@resourcinggroup.co.uk.  Resourcing Group is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"460"	460	"Specialist Dietitian"	"An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Band 6 Specialist Dietitian to work in the field of mental health and learning disabilities/difficulties within this large NHS foundation trust.  The successful candidate will work as part of the established Trustwide Dietetics Service based in Newcastle upon Tyne which has 15 Dietitians (providing 13.6 WTE), an assistant practitioner and support worker. The service has excellent links to multidisciplinary teams and is actively involved in nutrition and health promotion initiatives across the trust.  You will work with inpatient and community teams across the Trust. The post provides experience and development in a number of areas such as nutrition support, weight management, dysphagia, dementia, diabetes, and eating disorders. Full support will be provided by an experienced Band 7 Advanced Dietitian and other Band 6 Specialist Dietitians working in other specialist areas. The service is committed to providing a high quality dietetic service and relevant training and development opportunities will be available to build the skills needed to work within this challenging but rewarding environment. Staff are actively encouraged to take part in the development of the dietetics service within the trust including audit and promotion of the service through various events and initiatives. There may be scope to alter the focus and demographics of the post depending on the post holder’s interests and service developments.  We are committed to training dietetic students and train students from both Leeds Beckett and Teesside universities. All staff are expected to be involved in student training.  For more information please contact Claire Ridley, Trust Dietetic Professional Lead (Monday-Thursday) on 07919 045783 or Gill Senior, Trust Dietetic Professional Lead (Tuesday - Friday) on 07919 045799.  Closing Date; 27th May 2019  Interview Date; Friday 12thJune 2019"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£30,401 - £37,267 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"461"	461	"Kitchen Assistant"	" Package Description Competitive package About The Role An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Kitchen Assistant to join the team at: Location: Astor Care Complex, Lamb Street, East Cramlington, Northumberland, NE23 6XP Experienced kitchen assistant to work 16 hours per week Rota is over a 7 day period Reporting to the Care Manager, the successful candidate will be responsible for assisting in the preparation of and serving meals chosen by the residents. About You Our ideal Kitchen Assistant will have the following skills and values: Caring nature. Strong communication skills. Ability to work as part of a team and individually. Flexibility and be able to adapt to the needs of Residents. Experience in a catering environment is desirable but not essential. Benefits In return for this you will receive a competitive salary package plus: 5.6 weeks annual leave Fully funded training Development opportunities SimplyHealth cover after one year of service, inc. cashback on medical and dental expenses Discounted Spa breaks PerkBox - a range of discounts and free monthly offers for a variety of high street shops and restaurants Cycle to Work scheme NEST pension plan Nurse and Care referral scheme Rewards for 5, 10, 15, 20 and 25 years of service Annual staff recognition - MMCG Care Awards About Us  About Us  Care is at the heart of what we do here at Maria Mallaband Care Group. We're an established family-run care provider, and we deliver care to over 3,500 residents across our 80+ care homes nationwide.  Our mission is to be the best quality; most highly regarded Care Provider in the United Kingdom and our vision is to create a home from home environment for both residents and staff.  We are committed to being an Investors in People employer, which means that we continually invest in your personal training and development. MMCG is a place where your career truly starts to grow.  All applicants will be subject to satisfactory references and all employees are checked against the Disclosure & Barring Service (DBS).  For further information about the role, call our recruitment line any time on 0808 163 9199.  You can find out more about life at MMCG on Facebook and Twitter:  www.facebook.com/mariamallabandjobs  www.twitter.com/mmcgjobs  Please be aware this vacancy may close earlier than the advertised closing date if sufficient applications have been received. "	"Cramlington "	NA	"£8.25 an hour"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"462"	462	"Clinical Research Fellow"	"    YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE FOR THIS VACANCY AS IT MAY CLOSE EARLIER THAN THE SPECIFIED DATE SHOULD EXCESSIVE APPLICATIONS BE RECEIVED Please note should your application be successful, we will contact you via the email address you have provided on your application form. IMPORTANT NOTE ON COMPLETION OF REFERENCE SECTION OF APPLICATION FORM All references from current and previous employers will be sought and MUST cover a minimum of 3 years employment. Therefore, when completing the reference section of your application form, please give the address, telephone number and work email address of each of your current/previous line managers that cover 3 years employment. Where possible this should be from two seperate employers. Failure to complete this section may result in your application not being processed.PLEASE NOTE it is a requirement of this Trust that all successful applicants pay for their DBS certificate if a check is required for the post. There are two methods of payment either directly through the online portal using a credit or debit card or through deduction from your monthly pay over a maximum of three months.  All new entrants to the NHS will be appointed on the minimum of the pay scale in line with Agenda For Change Terms & Conditions.    Applications are invited for a Clinical Research Fellow to work within an established team working in Gynaecological Oncology.  The position is available June 2019 for a fixed term period of 12 months. Applicants must have GMC registration. BSCCP accreditation in colposcopy is desirable. It would be possible to continue training for BSCCP registered trainees.  The Northern Gynaecological Oncology Centre (NGOC) Department is based at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Gateshead and is recognised as a leading centre for Gynaecological Oncology, both nationally and internationally. Successful applicants would be expected to work as part of a multidisciplinary team and provide a generic surgical and clinical service working closely with the current gynaecological oncology consultant team.  Further information can be obtained from Miss Ann Fisher or Mr Ali Kucukmetin, Consultant Gynaecological Oncologists on 0191 445 2872.    Applicants who have not been contacted within 4 weeks of the closing date are to assume that their application has been unsuccessful. Applications are welcomed from candidates who may require sponsorship through the UK Border Agency to work in the UK. However, those candidates must be aware that appointment to the post may not be considered if a suitably qualified experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available and/or the post does not attract sufficient points. During the interview process, all candidates will be requested to provide appropriate original documentation to ensure their legal right to work in the UK may be verified. Candidates who require sponsorship are strongly advised to visit the UK Border Agency website and familiarise themselves with what is required. There is a facility on this site to access the points based calculator and work through an example which should assist candidates in their understanding of the process.  Gateshead Health NHS Foundation Trust is a smoke free organisation in line with Smoke Free Gateshead     Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. Tier 2 Certificate of Sponsorship Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the Resident Labour Market Test. The UK Visas and Immigration department requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UK Visas and Immigration website. From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement. Guidance can be found here Criminal Records Checks For Overseas Applicants UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"463"	463	"Office Administrator"	" This new role has been created to support our busy and expanding health & social care recruitment agency. The job will involve making and taking phone calls, typing up documents in Word and inputting information into spreadsheets. Specifically, the successful candidate will be; *speaking to candidates and taking availability via phone, text and email. Updating candidates' calendars on the inhouse database *sending out timesheets & expenses forms and going to the post office daily *photocopying candidates' ID *ordering stationary *shredding confidential documents *compile candidate registration packs *typing up documents on Word *inputting information into relevant spreadsheets and inhouse database as required *managing candidates' training pipeline, ensuring certificates are added daily to the database and spreadsheets updated *working with the management team to ensure smooth office running To be successful in this role you MUST have strong literacy, communication and ICT skills. Hours are 9am-5pm Monday to Friday. Pay rate: National Minimum Wage - £4.35 per hour (aged under 18) £6.15 per hour (aged 18-20) £7.70 per hour (aged 21-24) aged £8.21 per hour (aged 25 and over) Message us at We Care Recruitment Solutions or email Isabel.bage@wecarerecruitmentsolutions with your CV Job Type: Full-time Salary: £4.35 to £8.21 /hour "	"Chester-le-Street"	NA	"£4.35 - £8.21 an hour"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"464"	464	"Apprentice Mechanic"	" Darcy's of Durham are looking to recruit an apprentice motor vehicle technician to our team. The successful candidate will be trained and developed through our apprenticeship program. The day to day role will be a combination of helping carry out work that comes into the garage including; Puncture Repair Tyre Fitting General help with mechanical jobs General cleaning and housekeeping duties Along with developing your mechanical skills to carry out the following jobs with the garage; Light vehicle servicing 4 wheel alignment Replacement of brake discs and pads The successful candidate must have a clear desire to develop a career within the MotorTrade. The key characteristics we are looking for are excellent work ethic, attitude to work and a willingness to learn and develop. The candidate must be well presented and have good communication skills. Work experience is not necessary but we are seeking someone with minimum skill level of either having or working towards NVQ Level 2 in vehicle maintenance. Job Type: Apprenticeship Job Type: Apprenticeship Experience: Motor Vehicle: 1 year (Preferred)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Durham, Durham (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"465"	465	"Labourer"	"Kalcrest are looking for 3 x Site Labourers in Durham DH1 . Duties will include general site labouring. Applicants must hold a valid CSCS card. £9.22 per hour - On-going work. For more info please apply online or call our Rotherham office."	"Durham"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"466"	466	"Dog Care Assistant"	" The Paw Pack provides ‘dog care with a difference’ in Benton, Gosforth, Jesmond and surrounding areas offering; dog day care, dog walking and dog grooming. Our core values are ensuring all Paw Pack dogs are healthy, safe and happy and that their Mums and Dads are relaxed, confident and fully engaged with their dog’s time with us. Due to an exciting time of growth and expansion we are now looking to recruit a loving, reliable and ‘dog mad’ person to join our pack as a part-time Dog Care Assistant. This is a variable hours role (minimum 20 hours per week) and the successful candidate will need to be available to work flexibly between the hours of 8am and 6pm Monday to Friday. It is essential that you have a driving license and access to your own vehicle. Key Duties ¨ Assist with supervision of our day-care dogs as required including play, additional walks, keeping owners updated, basic training, maintaining leadership & control and general cleaning and maintenance duties ¨ Pick up, drop off, and transport Paw Pack dogs safely using business vans and own vehicle if required ¨ Walk up to 6 dogs on group walks in ALL weather conditions. Walks can range from 30 mins— 1 hour. ¨ Maintain leadership and control on all walks ¨ Ensure all dog’s requirements are met and that they get love and attention ¨ At all times ensure the safety and security of Paw Pack dogs and also our clients homes and keys ¨ Assist with dog sleepovers if required ¨ Attend team meetings and training as required ¨ Manage your own schedule via phone, e-mail and text messaging ¨ Take photos of dogs to provide to clients ¨ Communicate effectively with clients and schedule appointments ¨ Ensure all our clients are updated on their dog’s day through the use of social media, WhatsApp and other photo messaging devices Person Specification Essential ¨ Affinity and understanding of dogs ¨ Available to work flexible hours Monday - Friday (must be available between the hours of 8am and 6pm) ¨ Dog lover with experience of owning, walking dogs and handling dogs in a group environment ¨ Full, clean, driving license with access to own vehicle ¨ Flexible to the changing needs of Paw Pack dogs and the business ¨ Strong communication skills ¨ Competent IT and social media user ¨ Willing to work outdoors regardless of weather ¨ Willing to undertake a DBS check prior to joining ¨ Desire & willingness to help the continued growth of the business ¨ High quality standards and a desire to strive for service, care and business excellence Desirable ¨ 5 GCSE’s (or equivalent) including English and Maths ¨ Related experience, qualifications or training ¨ Animal first aid qualification ¨ Related experience, qualifications or training Job Type: Part-time Experience: animal care: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"467"	467	"Restaurant Supervisor"	" We’re all about people. Why else would we be in hospitality? To succeed in this industry and as Restaurant Supervisor, you have to be a roll-your-sleeves-up, laugh-through-the-tough-times and love-your-customer kind of person and really care about delivering exceptional service. What will I be responsible for as Restaurant Supervisor? You’ll support the Restaurant Management to lead, inspire and motivate the team to give exceptional, inspired service and a lasting positive impression making sure that our customers have everything they need to enjoy their restaurant experience. Our restaurant teams thrive on pressure and are motivated by providing a dining experience that is individual to our customers needs.On a day to day basis you’ll lead the team during service and provide them with support and coaching to deliver exceptional service to our customers. Is this Restaurant Supervisor role right for me? The Restaurant Supervisor we’re looking for will have a genuine passion for exceptional customer service, a love for food and drink and the ability to keep that smile shining through the fog! Being able to keep guests happy sometimes means you creatively think on your feet and that’s why you’ve got to love change – you’ll know as well as we do that no two days in hospitality are the same! You will have excellent operational knowledge and a proven track in a similar hotel role or as a team leader. Where Will You Be Working? Slaley Hall Hotel is located in the beautiful Northumberland countryside, within an hour drive of the cities of Newcastle and Sunderland. Set in 1,000 acres of beautiful grounds, this is the perfect hotel for a leisure break, with 36 holes of golf, excellent conference facilities that can hold up to 250 delegates at any one time, two restaurants and modern leisure and spa facilities. The hotel features 141 spacious bedrooms that are sure to wow any guest. The very close and supportive team at the resort make sure all new colleagues are quickly welcomed and settled into the team.For those who are new to the area and need some assistance relocating you can take advantage of temporary live-in accommodation on-site. As well as retail, golf and hotel stays discounts, employees have access free of charge to our leisure club including a swimming pool and a gym. We offer fantastic development opportunities to staff through both on-the-job learning and formal training courses. What’s in it for you? Discounts across retail, restaurants, events etc. (because we know life isn’t just about work) Family and Friends discounts in hotels across the Almarose estate (that'll make you really popular!) Leisure Club/Gym complementary membership Parking on site for free Meals for free on shift – hard work is hungry work! Progression and career development opportunities across the UK, with training and support with course fees Incentive programmes Pension Scheme Access to an Employee Assistance Programme, 24/7, 365 days a year. Who are Almarose Hotels? Almarose Hotels are an independent Hotel Management company who own and operate an award-winning portfolio of 21 4 and 5* properties throughout the UK. It’s an exciting time to join our portfolio; our strategy is to develop and invest in our properties and employees, with opportunities that span across beautiful countryside and bustling city centre locations – each offering a truly unique experience for our guests, and exemplary professional development and careers for you. Job Type: Full-time "	"Slaley"	NA	NA	-1.5935432	53.1133768
"468"	468	"Volunteer Recruiter- 25 hrs per week"	" Supported by West Area Committee Volunteer Recruiter £18,121 to £21,121 pro rata - 25 hours per week Fixed-term for 12 months Sunderland North Community Business Centre (SNCBC) have secured funding from Sunderland Councils West Area Committee to participate in a co-ordinated approach to neighbourhood management that will deliver environmental improvements that respond to local concerns across the area. The initiative will enhance local neighbourhoods, encourage community partnerships and improve the use of green spaces. SNCBC will be responsible for delivering the volunteering element of the locally branded Clean and Green Initiative and wish to appoint a Volunteer Recruiter to engage and supervise volunteers and match their skills into emerging placement opportunities identified by partners, community organisations and residents. You will have previous experience of identifying, selecting and recruiting volunteers through a range of engagement activities. The successful candidate will be responsible for the induction and training of new volunteers, carrying out initial assessments and regular supervisions to ensure that volunteers are retained and progress. If you are interested in this opportunity then please contact Pauline Richardson on 0191 5373231 for an application pack. The closing date for this vacancy is Noon on Thursday 30th May, 2019. The successful applicant will be expected to undergo Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service clearance Job Type: Part-time Experience: Volunteer recruiting: 1 year (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Job share"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	"£18,121 - £21,121 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"469"	469	"Army Reserve Driver (Part Time)"	"Driver Trade available within 216 Squadron RLC No Experience Necessary - Full Training Provided (Inc licences) All personnel within the Royal Logistic Corps (RLC) are trained to be soldiers first and then receive further professional training in the Army Driver Trade. Pay and Benefits Initially you will be paid £38.24 per day, rising to £47.34 per day once you have completed your initial recruit training. If you have not served in the Armed Forces before you will also receive financial joining incentives (Ex-Regular soldiers are entitled to a different incentive scheme). In addition, if you complete your annual training you will be paid an annual bonus. You will receive access to a free on site gym, discounted rail fares, holiday pay and an Army Service Pension. Joining Incentives (taxable) are £300 for successfully passing Selection and enlisting. £1000 for successfully completing initial recruit training. £1000 for successfully completing trade training. Bonus* (tax free) – AKA ‘Bounty’ £444 in Year 1 £982 in Year 2 £1,517 in Year 3 & 4 £1,759 in Year 5 (* subject to completion of your annual training commitment) Responsibilities and Duties As an Army Reserve Driver/Soldier we would expect you to commit 27 days per year. You do your training on a Wednesday evening and weekends and will be paid for the time you spend training. The training is carried out over a 12 month period in your spare time. You will become a member of a highly skilled and motivated team which will help you develop both physically and mentally whilst gaining new skills and qualifications which can help you in all aspects of your life. Training for the Role of an Army Reserve Soldier Your initial recruit training is called basic training - followed by your Driver Trade training which is called Phase 2. Basic Training – Soldier Training. 4 Weekends* spare time (or 1 full week) 2 Week Military Training Course* Phase 2 - Trade Training In your Driver Trade we will pay you to attend driving licence courses (Cat B & Cat C) and once you have achieved these driving licences you will then attend your 2 Week Driver Trade Course*. (* the majority of training is residential at Military training establishments) Royal Logistic Corps The RLC is the largest Corps in the British Army. A diverse organisation with technically qualified soldiers working both in peacetime and on operations. We ensure the British Army is supplied with all the materiel it requires from vehicle parts and tools to ammunition, rations and water. The RLC maintains the Army’s operational capability by providing constant support by land, sea and air. “Nothing moves without us”. The Reserve Soldiers and Officers within the RLC do everything the Regular Army does, from combat operations, peace keeping, humanitarian work and supporting the local community. The main difference of being a Reservist is you train in your spare time. Many Reservists have a normal day job and enjoy two careers. Entry requirements; AGE : 17 years 9 months – 49 years 11 months FITNESS : 2km run in 11 minutes 15 seconds. QUALIFICATIONS : No formal educational qualifications are required. EXPERIENCE: No experience required, you will receive all the training required. NATIONALITY & RESIDENCY : Proof that you are a British Citizen. If you are a Commonwealth or European Citizen, Indefinite Leave to Remain (ILR) or Indefinite Leave to Enter (IIE) must be stamped on your passport, and you have been resident in the UK for a minimum of 5 years. Citizens of the Irish Republic joining the Army Reserves must be living in the UK to be eligible to join. Refugees and Asylum Seekers are NOT eligible to apply to join the Army Reserves. All candidates who have a visa must provide proof of this throughout the recruiting process. 216 Squadron are actively recruiting and offer the opportunity to learn new skills in your spare time whilst being paid to do so! If you wish to apply or would like more information call 07973 625 887. If you would like to visit us and see what we do, why not pop along on a Wednesday evening at 7:30pm for an introduction and informal presentation. Visits can be arranged to suit your individual circumstances - give us a call to arrange. 216 (Tynemouth) Transport Squadron Royal Logistic Corps New Cliffords Fort Station Terrace Tynemouth NE30 4RE Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: up to 4k per year"	"North Shields "	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"470"	470	"Teaching Fellows in Medical Specialities (ST1-2)"	"TEACHING FELLOWS IN MEDICAL (ST1-2)  REF. 317-TF-19-138  Exciting opportunities have arisen for dynamic, engaging and committed Teaching Fellows to work in specific roles in Medical Education within the Trust for undergraduate, postgraduate and allied healthcare professionals (AHP).  The post would suit trainees who have a special interest in Clinical Education and the post holders will have the opportunity to study for the Postgraduate Certificate in Clinical Education. Ideally applicants will have completed Foundation Training and / or Core Training. The post will provide a solid basis from which to apply for either a CT post or an ST post. The posts are available from 7 August 2019 until 4 August 2020. Areas of work available: Obstetrics and Gynaecology (ST1-2)  Paediatrics (ST1-2)  The individual will be expected to perform duties and take clinical responsibility to ST1-2 level. The duties of the post holder include supporting the delivery of high quality medical education including the development, delivery and evaluation of courses. Clinical duties of the post holder will be post-specific.  The teaching fellow posts span a variety of clinical areas and research domains within Newcastle-upon-Tyne Hospitals, with varied time allocated for clinical and teaching-based work within different posts (posts range from between 30% and 50% allocated teaching time). The clinical opportunities are dependent on the department and equivalent grade of the teaching fellow, however many posts offer ward-based experience, time to attend clinics and theatre lists, as well as the chance to be involved in or lead departmental teaching, audits and quality improvement projects. Posts may be fixed to one clinical area over the course of the year, or may rotate around different areas within a directorate. Most posts also involve an on-call commitment to maintain acute skills.  You are encouraged to complete a post graduate certificate in clinical education at Newcastle University and this will be funded by your teaching fellow post. The course is widely respected and professionally recognised by the Higher Education Academy and is a valuable asset that is applicable to any medical career. Through studying for this course part time, teaching fellows can build upon and develop their current educational practices. Current modules included in the course are Teaching and Learning in the Classroom, Teaching and Learning in the Workplace, Understanding Programmes of Learning.  Further details of the post are available in the Person Specification.  All successful candidates who require a DBS for the post they have been offered pay for their DBS certificate. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first month’s pay. You will be required to sign a DBS payment form which will be issued to you as part of your recruitment process.  The Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is one of the most successful teaching NHS Trusts in the country. We have one of the highest numbers of specialist services of hospitals in the UK. With around 14,000 staff, the Newcastle Hospitals is one of the region’s major employers. We have a long-standing reputation for high quality clinical care with our staff’s commitment to excellence reflected in our consistent performance at the highest level. We are committed to being an “employer of choice” offering our staff superb benefits, looking after their wellbeing, and providing access to high-quality education, training, career progression and support which enables them to provide “healthcare at its very best – with a personal touch”.  We are committed to promoting equality and diversity and recognise the benefit in providing an inclusive environment. We value and respect the diversity of our employees and aim to recruit a workforce which reflects the communities we serve, and is equipped to deliver the best service to our patients. We welcome all applications irrespective of people’s race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, religion or belief, age, gender identity, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity and in particular those from under-represented groups.  To apply for this post, please visit NHS Jobs and complete the application form in full, please ensure that you provide references to cover the last 3 years. For any further queries, please contactSuzanne Evans, Assistant HR Officer atSuzanne.Evans@nuth.nhs.ukquoting the post reference number. Closing Date: Midnight on the 12 June 2019 Interview Date: TBC"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£31,217 - £41,300 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"471"	471	"Front of House Apprentice"	" Duties/responsibilities to include: Maintenance of a safe, hygienic, and secure working environment Working effectively as part of a team Serve food Give customers a positive impression of yourself and your organisation Serve drinks Keep up-to-date with new products, menus and promotions Adhere to company policies and procedures and licensing laws Requirements and prospects Desired skills Excellent communication skills Understanding that the customer comes first Maintaining a high standard of customer service Good teamwork ethic Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment Personal qualities Clean, tidy, and professional appearance Punctual and reliable Must be available to work evenings and weekends Desired qualifications Flexible regarding qualifications; we're more interested in the right candidate for the role.  Future prospects Potential to gain a permanent role after completing."	"South Shields "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"472"	472	"Teaching Assistant Speech & Language"	"Exceptional learning support assistants are in high demand at First Class Supply to provide support in Key Stage 1 - 3 for children with speech and language difficulties. Learning support assistants must demonstrate a commitment to providing a high quality service, to enable children and young people to develop skills and reach their potential educationally and socially and establish good working relationships within the teams of various schools within Newcastle.  You must have a positive <U+0093>can do<U+0094> attitude and commitment to enabling children and young people to participate fully in all aspects of mainstream school life. Experience of working with pupils with speech and language difficulties is essential.  be able to work independently on either a 1-1 or small group basis be pro-active, enthusiastic, energetic and reliable be flexible to work at short notice as and when the need arises have recent experience in a Teaching Assistant role, within a special needs environment hold a relevant child care or education qualification at Level 3 or above First Class Supply are a genuine independent Employment Business that specialises in the education sector, currently celebrating 15 hugely successful years in educational recruitment. We have an unrivalled, fantastic reputation for delivering an exceptional, personal service to our partner schools, teachers and support staff alike. The first to forge real partnerships with schools, we are proud that our company ethos to support our local community in real ways has proved truly beneficial. As part of our commitment to our teachers and support staff we offer free, ongoing CPD courses, as well as ongoing professional support by in-house educational industry professionals. We lead, where others follow.  First Class Supply have forged strong partnerships with schools in Northumberland, North Tyneside, Newcastle, Gateshead, South Tyneside, Sunderland, Durham and Tees Valley.  If you would like to learn more about us and join the largest independent supply teaching agency in the North East visit our website; www.firstclasssupply.co.uk Alternatively, contact us on 0191 251 5566 to speak to one of our friendly team.  Applicants will attend a face-to-face interview, be expected to undergo reference checks and an enhanced DBS disclosure (if not currently held).  First Class Supply is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education."	"Whitley Bay "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.4417687	55.0413087
"473"	473	"Print Administration Apprenticeship, incl. Customer Services / Estimating"	"Issue cost estimates / quotes to customers in accordance with SLAs (Service Level Agreements) To provide support to the sales team in generating new business opportunities by assisting with enquiries and providing solutions along with competitive proposals To provide support to the internal client services team by controlling the required administrative traffic involved in analysing job requests to provide production with capacity requests To communicate regularly with the production team, sharing foresight and detail on upcoming promotions To contribute to an accurate and up to date Management Information System (MIS) by ensuring all details are entered correctly and errors are flagged accordingly To maintain a clean and tidy work environment, ensuring that all appropriate Health and Safety regulations are adhered to Requirements and prospects Desired skills IT (Microsoft excel, word, outlook). Excellent numeracy and literacy skills. Good communication skills and a sharp eye for details.  Personal qualities Organised with good self time-management skills Determined and resilient Committed with a good work ethic Team player and also able to work under own initiative Proactive – anticipating change and consequences, as well as reactive and responsive to last minute demands Patient and keen to learn Confident Flexible attitude toward working hours, recognising the requirement to stay until a task is completed Desired qualifications 5 x GCSE’s (Grades A-C or 9 – 4) minimum. Must include maths and English  Future prospects From apprentice, it is possible to move through the business to Key Account Management (via Junior Account Executive and Key Account Executive roles) or into a role more focused on Job Processing / Production Services  Things to consider Important Other Information  Vacancy will close early if the right candidate is found - apply early to avoid disappointment  Please note you may be contacted via e-mail for interview  The National Minimum Wage (NMW) for Apprentices is £3.90 per hour. This applies to 16-18 year old Apprentices and those aged 19 and over in the first year of their Apprenticeship. For all other Apprentices the Apprentice National Minimum wage appropriate to their age applies.  The Wage for Apprentices applies to both time spent on the job plus time spent training.  On-site assessments and a portfolio of evidence will be necessary to show work place learning.  Full health and safety training will be given and PPE supplied."	"Washington "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"474"	474	"Temporary Lecturer in Medieval Archaeology"	"Closing Date: 16 June 2019 The School wishes to appoint a Lecturer in Medieval Archaeology, commencing as soon as possible. You will specialise in medieval archaeology. You will be expected to offer research-led teaching in this field at undergraduate and postgraduate levels; this will include contributions to team-taught modules (undergraduate and MA). Ability to lead a module on archaeological theory would be advantageous. You will also be expected to contribute to the further development of teaching and research at Newcastle and to take on a share of administrative tasks. You must have a PhD in a relevant field and clearly developed research plans, including world-leading or internationally excellent publications that will provide a significant contribution to the university’s next submission to the Research Excellence Framework (REF). You must have experience of undergraduate teaching and the ability to respond enthusiastically and positively to students. You will be able to work as part of a team, and be willing to work collaboratively with colleagues in other disciplines in the School and University. This is a fixed term post available until 31 December 2021. For informal enquiries please contact Dr Chris Fowler, Head of Archaeology (chris.fowler@newcastle.ac.uk) or Prof. Helen Berry, Head of School (helen.berry@newcastle.ac.uk). Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices. The University holds a silver Athena SWAN award in recognition of our good employment practices for the advancement of gender equality. The University also holds the HR Excellence in Research award for our work to support the career development of our researchers, and is a member of the Euraxess initiative supporting researchers in Europe."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£35,210 - £39,610 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"475"	475	"Sales Administrator"	"   Darlington  Up to £19,000  The Company:  We are currently searching for an experienced Sales Administrator, for our client a highly successful housing developer that has experienced steady growth and has established themselves as a leading name in the Residential market. Their projects are all based in the Darlington area, making this a great opportunity for an individual in the area looking for a local opportunity. We are looking for a passionate individual with a strong track record in delivering exceptional projects on time and on budget.  Role duties:  Reporting to the Sales Director  Answering a high volume of calls  Provide administrative support to the Sales team  General Admin duties  Prepare reports  To be successful in the role you will possess the following skills and attributes:  GCSE's A-C including Maths and English  Excellent communication and organizational skills  A clear understanding of the importance of excellent customer service  First class telephone manner, even under pressure  Proven experience of working well within a team  IT literate  Building/House building experience is not a requirement but an enthusiastic 'can-do' attitude is essential.  Applications  If you feel that you have the relevant experience to be successful in this position and would like to find out more please apply online today attaching a copy of your current CV.  Due to the vast amount of applications that we receive, it is not possible for us to contact all applicants; therefore only suitable candidates will be contacted. If you do not hear anything back within 7 days of submitting your application, you have unfortunately not been selected.  Linsco are an Equal Opportunities employer. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence.  Applications  If you feel that you have the relevant experience to be successful in this position and would like to find out more please apply online today attaching a copy of your current CV.  Due to the vast amount of applications that we receive, it is not possible for us to contact all applicants; therefore only suitable candidates will be contacted. If you do not hear anything back within 7 days of submitting your application, you have unfortunately not been selected.  Linsco are an Equal Opportunities employer. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence.  PLEASE READ the Privacy Policy in regards to personal details: http://www.linsco.com/special-pages/privacy-policy  "	"Durham"	"Permanent"	"£19,000 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"476"	476	"Sales and Business Administration Apprenticeship"	"    This role is an exciting opportunity for someone wanting to pursue a career in residential agency or business administration. This is a great opportunity for someone to learn all aspects of Estate Agency while working towards a qualification. The position is based in our Wolsingham office in County Durham. We need someone to: Assist the team to deliver and reach their targets Be an integral part of our established agency team Embrace our culture of maximising value to clients Ensure George F. White is the agent of choice Deliver excellent customer service The role will principally focus on the following: Arrange free market appraisals and compile comparable evidence for the valuer Dealing with clients/buyers enquiries Preparing sales particulars Taking on properties Arranging and assisting with viewings, taking feedback and passing the information on to clients Dealing with walk in clients Taking offers and reporting to clients Liaising with vendors, buyers and solicitors during the sales process Collating the post/brochures Filing Dead filing Assisting with mail shots Rotating window cards Answering the phone Covering reception when required Keeping brochure hangers up to date and replenish when necessary Ordering, recording and printing EPCs and merge PDFs for the brochures Basic typing duties Insert price letters for brochures Managing and revamp key list Chasing basic compliance documentation Photocopying, scanning, faxing and doing PDFs Opening files and filling out take on sheet Dealing with brochure requests Recording advertising costs on CMS Sending advertising info to communication team Formatting DezRez and website audit when required Complying with Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. Taking card payments Liaising with other teams and enterprises in wider GFW Please note that the above is non exhaustive and subject to change to reflect the needs of the business.     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills  You need to: Have good customer service skills Work effectively as an individual and a team player Have a confident personality with excellent communication skills Have good administrative skills Be ICT competent    Personal qualities Punctual and proactive approach Be organised and able to work under pressure Have the ability to prioritise a varied and time pressured workload Be enthusiastic, energetic, and ambitious Be well presented    Desired qualifications  GCSE (or equivalent) grade C/4 or above in English and maths.      Future prospects  Possibility of permanent employment and going on to complete further qualifications.    Things to consider For more information on the ANMW, please visit: https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates      "	"Bishop Auckland "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6752864	54.6640762
"477"	477	"Sales Administrator Apprentice"	"    The Sales Administration Apprentice will support the Group through: Assisting in ensuring all new customer documentation is present, checked and is fully compliant Assisting with validating the contract details for each customer Completing credit checks, or other related checks for each potential new customer Creating new customer records and reporting achievements for each sales team member on a monthly and quarterly basis Assisting with sending contracts to suppliers Maintaining an accurate record of customer information within the CRM system Ensuring that all customer information is handled securely and confidentially Checking that contracts have gone live and reporting this to the business Working with the Sales Team Manager/s and the sales people if any objections are given to the contracts going live with the new supplier Liaising with suppliers for updated information on pricing, objections and queries General office duties in keeping with the role Through their work the Sales Administration Apprentice will: Gain a sound understanding for the sales process within our industry, and the impact of their work on the achievements of their team and the wider Group Appreciate and understand the importance of accuracy and attention to detail Develop the ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced sales environment     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Proficient IT skills including Microsoft Packages: Word and Excel Have excellent verbal and written communication skills Be a flexible team player, with the ability to self-manage    Personal qualities Show a can-do attitude with a strong work ethic Be self-motivated, inquisitive and willing to learn and explore new ways of achieving goals Be a cultural fit for GAS; happy to work independently, but flexible to change in a company experiencing rapid growth    Desired qualifications  A minimum of 5 GCSEs (or equivalent) Grade 4/C, including English and maths.      Future prospects  There are fantastic development opportunities in this organisation, as well as career pathways.    Things to consider  As well as a salary of £10,000 per year, there is also a performance based bonus in addition to this. The Apprenticeship National Minimum Wage guide (ANMW): https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates       "	"Seaham "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.3355612	54.8372106
"478"	478	"Food & Beverage Assistant"	"  Job Ref: INT4877   Branch: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter   Location: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: Competitive Salary   Contract type: Casual   Hours: Part Time   Hours per week: 0 - 20   Posted date: 16/05/2019   Closing date: 19/06/2019  Looking for a company where you can develop, are encouraged to provide impressive customer service, show you care, be empowered to WOW?  We now have a fantastic opportunity for a Food & Beverage Assistant to join our friendly and busy team.  What are we looking for? Work within meeting & events, Hawthorns restaurant or the Gin Bar. Work within the team on duty to ensure that all brand standards are met and at the heart of all decisions. Your responsibility is to ensure that each guest has a problem free stay without any issues so they can relax and enjoy their time at our hotel. Making sure guests are greeted with a warm smile and great personality. Be fully conversant with and ensure all ‘shift procedures’ are carried out during your shift including following procedures for opening shifts, cash handling, guest satisfaction, security, telephone policy, cashing up and closing a shift. Responsibility must be taken for any problems or queries that arise during your shift, to either resolve them yourself or seek assistance. Be fully aware of the hotel product, facilities and services available in all departments and all relevant cost and prices. Observe the lobby and hotel entrance areas and rectify any faults of tidiness and cleanliness. The Skills and Experience you need to thrive in this role Ideally you will have worked in a hospitality/food and beverage environment and be able to demonstrate initiative. You will be someone who has a reputation for delivering great service and being fun to work with. You will be committed to working on a weekly rota basis, which includes shift work and working weekends. We don’t need you to be fully trained in systems and procedures, but we do need you to want to do a great job. How do we Reward you?  Great rewards are aligned to joining our portfolio, not only do Interstate offer great discounts for Staff, Friends & Family within all their UK hotels, but you also get to experience your own brand benefits, World Wide!!! Plus we have a very successful Training Academy that awaits you, to support your development and career across all brands.  So....  So if you have a great personality, are results driven, and can be a valued team member, especially during pressured times, then we want to hear from you!   What's your passion? Whether you're into swimming, travelling or reading at Crowne Plaza we're interested in YOU. We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"479"	479	"Housekeeping Supervisor"	"  Job Ref: INT4881   Branch: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter   Location: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: Competitive Salary   Contract type: Permanent   Hours: Full Time   Shift pattern: 7AM-3.30PM 8AM-4.30PM 9AM-5.30PM   Hours per week: 40   Posted date: 17/05/2019   Closing date: 09/06/2019  Looking for a company where you can develop, are encouraged to provide impressive customer service (both internally and externally), show you care, be empowered to WOW!  What are we looking for?  We are currently looking for a Housekeeing Supervisor to join our Housekeeping team.  As a Housekeeing Supervisor, you will be responsible for ensuring all rooms are maintained to a high standard or cleaniness and delivering a 5 star customer experience  You will be responsible in following and working with all brand standards, training, coaching and developing your team, opeing and closing the day to day operation of housekeeping and dealing with any challenges which may arise on the day.  Preference will be given to someone with hotel experience within housekeeping. You must be smart, and professional at all times, with a great 'can do attitude'.  How do we Reward you?  Great rewards are aligned to joining our portfolio, not only do Interstate offer great discounts for Staff, Friends & Family within all their UK hotels, but you also get to experience your own brand benefits, World Wide!!! Plus we have a very successful Training Academy that awaits you, to support your development and career across all brands.  So....  So if you have a great personality and can be a valued team member, especially during pressured times, then we want to hear from you!  What's your passion? Whether you're into swimming, travelling or reading at Crowne Plaza we're interested in YOU. We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"480"	480	"LUXURY Fragrance Expert"	" Are you passionate luxury Fragrance? Want to work with a Luxury Fragrance brand? You must have LuxuryFRAGRANCE experience! We are currently recruiting people to join our FABULOUS TEAM to work with one of the most prestige Department stores in Newcastle City Centre! We can provide regular work with a LUXURY FRAGRANCE brand. You must be available to work Saturdays. You must have Passion and High energy! You must be reliable, punctual and have immaculate personal presentation.  We will provide: Regular work every Saturday for the Luxury Fragrance Brand  £9 per hour Weekly pay Opportunity to enhance your CV Support from a friendly office If you have the passion and energy to build a fantastic reputation as a Luxury Fragrance Consultant then apply today! Only successful applicants will be contacted. Artisan People act as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers and permanent recruitment. By applying for this position, you accept Artisan People’s Privacy Policy which can be found at www.artisanpeople.com Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.50 to £10.00 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.50 - £10.00 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"481"	481	"Bar Supervisor"	" We currently have an opportunity for a Bar Supervisor to join our team. This is a great opportunity for a customer focused individual to join a world leading food and facilities management company, which can offer unrivalled opportunities for career progression. Bar Supervisor Supervise and be actively involved in the bar service. Maintain an efficient Bar and stock room Supervise bar staff with the ability to motivate your team Responsible for safe and secure handling of bar stocks, till operation and cash Place stock orders Taking the lead in marketing campaigns to drive footfall and revenue General assistant duties within the catering, retail and hospitality services Till and counter service Supporting hospitality services and events Attending weekly team meetings Maintaining a high standard of cleanliness and hygiene in your area of concern Maintaining food safety and health and safety to meet legal and company requirements Hazard and defect reporting Possess good customer service skills Good communication skills – written and verbal Good understanding of cash handling and till operation Self-motivated and motivator Your shifts/hours will be varied according to the business needs, which will include day-time, night-time and weekends on a rota basis. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £8.13 to £8.50 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£8.13 - £8.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"482"	482	"Team Leader - Church View"	" Team Leader - Church View Care Team Leader - Church View - Southwick Sunderland      The Lifeway’s Group is one of the UK’s leading providers of support services for people with diverse and often complex needs in community settings. Our vision is to help people live ordinary, independent and happy lives through extraordinary support. Established in 1995, the Lifeways Group has over 10,000 employees providing specialist support services for people with learning disabilities, mental health needs, autism, profound and multiple learning disabilities, sensory and communication impairments, and acquired brain injuries. We do this through our portfolio of nine dedicated and specialist support services, which includes Autism Care, Brighton & Sussex Care, Care Solutions, Future Home Care, Integra, Keys Hill Park, Lifeways Community Care, Living Ambitions and SIL and currently support more than 6,000 people across the UK.  Job Description Lifeways is one of the largest suppliers of Care in the UK.  We are recruiting for a Team Leader to work in Lifeways Community Care Tyne and Wear Area, in one of our supported living schemes based at Church View, Southwick. Church View supports twenty four people with a range of needs, in independent apartments and bungalows on site, providing 24/7 support. The Team Leader will be required to work all shifts on the rota.  ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Job Purpose: To work with the Scheme Manager for the Locality to oversee a supported living service, ensuring that systems and standards are maintained to a high quality. To ensure compliance with all external regulatory standards and quality. To provide support and supervision of Support Workers within the identified team. Key Responsibilities: To support and supervise the delivery of person centred services to all people using the service To support the Service Manager in the completion of accurate rota and timesheet information To attend meetings and multi-disciplinary reviews as required To promote and support the health and safety of both people using the service and support staff To ensure that the actions of all staff directly supporting people using the service support their care, protection and well-being To develop own knowledge and practice relative to continuous service improvement To provide support and supervision to Support Workers, to ensure effective and efficient person centred service delivery To work alongside staff on shift to observe practice and quality Essential Experience and Qualifications -  Ideally you will hold an NVQ / SVQ 3 or a QCF level 3 award certificate or diploma in Health and Social Care or equivalent, and have relevant experience preferably within the relevant field. You will have supervisory responsibilities therefore previous management/supervisory experience is essential.  A full, clean driving licence is desirable.  In this role you will be required to be highly flexible and participate in the 24 hour on-call rotational system providing management support to staff and person-centred approaches to the people who use our service.  When applying for a role with Lifeways Group the information you provide will be used for recruitment purposes only, this information will be stored for 12 months and deleted unless you give permission for your information to be stored for longer. Full details on the Lifeways Privacy Notice can be found by following this link: https://jobs.lifeways.co.uk/privacy_notice-3608.html "	"Tyne and Wear"	"Permanent"	"£18,750 a year"	-1.566667	54.916667
"483"	483	"Cleaning Operative (part time)"	" Cleaning operative required for an immediate start 4 hours a week Saturday 8-12 Must have previous cleaning experience located on Roker Avenue (near Tesco) Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.50 /hour Experience: housekeeping: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	"£8.50 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"484"	484	"Customer Service Advisor (6 Month Maternity Cover Contract)"	"  Olleco is the UK’s market leader for the collection and conversion of catering waste streams into renewable energy such as electricity, mains gas and biodiesel. We are also the UK’s leading supplier of vegetable oils for the catering industry.  We are recruiting a Customer Service Advisor to join us at an exciting time in our journey. If successful, you’ll be joining a friendly, focussed, supportive and professional team. This is a 6 month fixed term contract position where the successful candidate will become part of the success of a company which is making a real difference to the UK’s circular economy and to the fight to reduce the impact of global climate change.  As a Customer Service Advisor, you’ll help to deliver a high quality service to customers and ensure orders are processed in-line with delivery schedules.  Your other duties will include:  - Customer service - dealing with additional delivery requests, resolution of service issues and requests for information Making sure we look after customers well and retain their business  Following up on warm leads to bring on new customers  Some cold calling to gain new business  Administrative work necessary for the role   To be considered as a Customer Service Advisor, you will need: Some experience of IT systems  Some experience of customer services and sales, ideally in a telesales or customer service environment  Good telephone and communication ability  An English and Maths GCSE (or equivalent) at Grade C/4 or above   Training for the role and on Olleco systems will be provided. There will also be plenty of opportunities to participate in our ongoing in-house training programme.  Customer service, call centre, retail, or catering experience could help your application but above all we’re looking for a positive and enthusiastic individual with a willingness to learn, work hard and progress in a fast-developing and innovative renewable energy company with an exciting future.  "	"Washington"	"Temporary"	"£17,550 a year"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"485"	485	"Apprentice Business Administrator"	" A growing company with lots of development and promotional opportunities is seeking to expand its administration team with motivated apprentices. Excellent benefits, including discounts at clothing shops and more Good Excel skills required (training available) and a willingness to learn new skills. You will be well organised, able to work well with others and highly motivated to do a good job. This is a fast-paced environment where you will never be bored and always learning. Duties include: Document & Report production Managing data Liaising with suppliers Answering telephones Invoicing Job Type: Apprenticeship Salary: £3.90 /hour "	"Gateshead"	"Apprenticeship"	"£3.90 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"486"	486	"Community Team Leader"	"    County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust is a great place to work. We have a talented workforce of 7,000 colleagues, making us a major employer in the North East region. You would be joining the largest provider of integrated acute and community services across the North East.  We pride ourselves in offering employees a career, not just a job - in an innovative and forward thinking organisation!      County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust is one of the largest integrated care providers in England, serving a population of around 600,000 people. We are a high performing organization with a track record of success.  An exciting opportunity is available for an experienced midwife to be part of the community midwifery services working as a team leader in the North Durham. This post offers opportunities to lead a well-established team in all aspects of community midwifery care including antenatal, postnatal care, as well as being instrumental in delivering on the public health agenda.  The postholder will be expected to maintain close links with other services and other agencies including Gp,s, health visitors and safeguarding teams etc. to ensure the safe delivery of care for women and families within that locality.  The Maternity Services within CDDFT provides acute maternity care across two maternity units based at UHND and DMH and delivers antenatal and postnatal community care in 4 community teams.   Please note this position requires a Disclosure Barring Service check (DBS) formerly CRB.    Working on our Bank  We are committed to building our Trust bank and welcome applications from applicants seeking to work flexibly via the bank service. Our bank rates are some of the most competitive in the region and the advertised rates are inclusive of holiday pay. Charges for DBS Processing  External applicants who are offered a position where a DBS is required as part of the process will be asked to repay this cost on successful employment. For further information please contact the recruitment team.  Staff Privacy Notice  Applicants and current staff may view our staff Privacy Notice by clicking on the right hand link 'staff privacy notice'. This may also be found on the CDDFT website.  Vacancies Receiving Large Volumes of Applications  Where vacancies receive a large number of applications (in excess of 50), the vacancy may be closed prior to the published closing date.    To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"487"	487	"Personal Assistant (EHU/DP/002/19)"	" Job title: Personal Assistant Hours: 4 hours per week to be worked on Sunday and Monday evenings 5pm-7pm plus holiday and sickness cover Hours include some weekend working. Wage:  £9.00 per hour Location: Denton Personal Assistant required for our 6 year old son. He is non-verbal and requires 2:1 care. Our son is very physically active and likes to be busy. You will enable him to do the activities he likes and ensure his safety at all times. This role is to support us with our son at home on Sunday and Monday evenings 5pm-7pm. You may work alongside another Personal Assistant on some occasions providing support therefore you will need to be able to work well in a team and have excellent communication skills. You should be confident, outgoing and in good health as our son is very active and you will need to be alert to his whereabouts at all times. We are looking for someone our son can get to know and feel comfortable with. You should ideally have experience working with children with disabilities. Closing date: 13th June 2019 Post subject to references and DBS check. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £9.00 /hour Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£9 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"488"	488	"Service Advisor"	" Fully experienced motor dealer Service Advisor required for a franchised dealership. This job includes booking in customers, informing customers of progress/delays, invoicing, handling payments, handing over vehicles and arranging collections/deliveries. You must be IT literate and have great communication skills. Having Pinnacle experience is preferred but not essential. Personal qualities include being: Organised. Customer focused. Resilient. Happy. Outgoing. Helpful. A team player. Click the apply button now or call us on 0191 4155010 for more information. OTE £24k. Reference: FT5887 Job Type: Full-time Salary: £19,500.00 /year Experience: automotive: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£19,500 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"489"	489	"Resident Liaison"	"    As an Resident Liaison Officer at HC One, you’ll value one thing above all. Kindness. You will build relationships with residents, their family and the home team, preventing and limiting dissatisfaction, resolving complaints and queries quickly and efficiently.   Key Responsibilities & Accountabilities Develop, build and strengthen resident relationships, maximising satisfaction.  Understand the needs and preferences of all residents ensuring their requests are fulfilled.  Liaising with residents families, keeping them updated with the residents wellbeing.  Oversee and administer resident satisfaction procedures, ensuring any queries are speedily resolved and personally reviewed for compliance.  Proactively educate residents and resident monitors, addressing any misunderstandings of the service specifications.  Responsible for the implementation and co-ordination of resident consultation and communication  Have overall responsibility for the standards set by the service team; observing and assisting throughout the home. Keep a record of issues and outcomes, keeping the Home Manager up to date daily. Report immediately to the Home Manager, or Person in Charge, any illness of an infectious nature or accident incurred by a Resident, Colleague, self or another.  Understand and ensure the implementation of the Care Home’s Health and Safety policy, and Emergency and Fire procedures     About You  You’ll need great Microsoft Office, Time Management and Organisational skills. Beyond that, it’s all about your brilliant, positive energy and natural ability to get along with people. So, whenever you communicate with a resident or co-worker, you’ll be truly considerate and kind.  Well, after all, it’s just in your nature.  Apply today for a role as a Resident Liaison Officer at HC One.     "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£10 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"490"	490	"Business & Administration Apprenticeship"	"    Your duties will include: Managing stock Audit inventory Keep equipment in good working order Process returned goods or manage the receipt Storage and dispatch of goods You will learn how to maintain the safety of hazardous goods and materials Filing Other general admin duties Good teamwork is important when you’re working to a tight schedule, such as loading or unloading that can only wait for a little while before it needs to go on to the next job. You’ll also learn how to maintain health and safety. Full training will be given     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Good working knowledge of ICT packages including Word, Excel and Outlook Ability to carry out tasks accurately following instructions Excellent communication skills A diligent approach to work ethics Understand and respect confidentiality and abide by this at all times    Personal qualities A polite, confident and friendly approach Excellent presentation, organisation and timekeeping skills    Desired qualifications  Essential Criteria - 5 x GCSE grades 4-9 (A*-C) or above Must include maths, English and ICT      Future prospects  Full time position for the right person and upon successful completion of the apprenticeship.    Things to consider Please ensure you live within travelling distance of the company to ensure you can meet the starting time.      "	"Gateshead "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"491"	491	"Healthcare Assistant (Band 3)"	"    The Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is one of the most successful teaching NHS Trusts in the country. We have one of the highest number of specialist services of hospitals in the UK. With around 14,000 staff, the Newcastle Hospitals is one of the region’s major employers. We have a long-standing reputation for high quality clinical care with our staff’s commitment to excellence reflected in our consistent performance at the highest level. We are committed to being an “employer of choice” offering our staff superb benefits, looking after their wellbeing, and providing access to high-quality education, training, career progression and support which enables them to provide “healthcare at its very best – with a personal touch”.  We are committed to promoting equality and diversity and recognise the benefit in providing an inclusive environment. We value and respect the diversity of our employees and aim to recruit a workforce which reflects the communities we serve, and is equipped to deliver the best service to our patients. We welcome all applications irrespective of people’s race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, religion or belief, age, gender identity, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity and in particular those from under represented groups.      We are recruiting to a Band 3 Healthcare Assistant post to work within the Newcastle District Nursing Service. The successful candidate would be required to work Citywide. This post is full time but part time hours would be considered.  Please refer to the Job Description and Person Specification for all essential and desirable criteria required for the role.       Important note on completion of reference section of Application Form  All references from current and previous employers will be sought and must cover a minimum of 3 years employment. Therefore, when completing the reference section of your application form, please give the address, telephone number and work email address of each of your current/previous line managers that cover 3 years employment. Failure to complete this section may result in your application not being processed.  After applying via NHS Jobs, your submitted application will be imported into our preferred Third party recruitment system. All subsequent information regarding your application will be generated from apps.trac.jobs. You will not be able to track the progress of your application or receive messages through the NHS Jobs website, and furthermore, that as an employer, we will not be able to respond to any e-mails sent to us via the NHS Jobs website. By applying for this post you are agreeing to The Newcastle upon Tyne NHS Foundation Trust transferring the information contained in this application to its preferred applicant management system. If you are offered a job information will also be transferred into the national NHS Electronic Staff Records system. Please note it is a requirement of The Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust that all successful candidates who require a DBS for the post they have been offered pay for their DBS certificate. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first month’s pay.  Candidates who are shortlisted for interview will be contacted by e-mail. You should check your SPAM folders as well as your inbox. If you have not been contacted within 4 weeks of the closing date you should assume your application has been unsuccessful.     Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Walkergate"	NA	NA	149.6225594	-32.6474122
"492"	492	"Trainee Tax Advisor"	"  Location: Newcastle  Salary: £18,000  Study Support: ATT 21 days holiday Pension Free on-site parking My Client is an accounts practice, in Newcastle, are looking for a recent graduate to join their tax department. Working as a trainee Tax adviser you’ll gain knowledge of tax legislation to provide advisory and consultancy services to clients, ensuring that they pay their taxes in the most efficient way and benefit from any tax advantages and exemptions. Duties will Include assisting with:  researching, analysing and interpreting changing tax legislation in both the UK and overseas meeting with clients and collating information working with tax law and revenue provisions preparing and submitting compliance (tax) returns by the deadline liaising and negotiating with HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) on behalf of the client providing consultancy services to high value private clients creating tax strategies for clients and planning their financial futures carrying out detailed computations to calculate tax liability and advising on how to minimise a client's liability establishing and structuring family trusts estate planning and advising on tax residence and domicile matters providing guidance on indirect taxation issues such as VAT, customs planning and environmental taxes producing reports and presentations for clients. Your key skills should include:  Must have a 2:1 or above in Accountancy & Finance or a numerically based degree Must have a car Competent IT skills especially on Excel including using a wide range of functions and formulas, creating pivot tables If you are interested in this Graduate Finance opportunity please apply with your latest CV. Please note due to the large volume of applications we receive for these roles, if we have not contacted you within 7 days then, unfortunately, your application hasn't been successful, however, we may contact you regarding other roles. We're sorry we can't contact you directly but we wish you all the best in your job search. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,000.00 to £20,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£18,000 - £20,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"493"	493	"Customer Service Apprenticeship (within an estate agents)"	"    Main Duties: Answering & Transferring calls Dealing with customer enquiries by phone, email and face2face Maximise sales opportunities Build & maintain Customer relationships by providing exceptional level of customer care Achieve targets and deadlines set by manager Arrange property viewings, valuations and mortgage appointments Admin support within the team     Requirements and prospects    Desired skills Confident Ability to prioritise, multitask and work under pressure Self-motivated and proactive IT literate Good communication skills    Personal qualities Punctual Respectful and Trustworthy An interest in the property industry Well-Spoken Driven    Desired qualifications  A-C/9-4 in maths and English are desirable however not essential     Future prospects Progression within the company     "	"North Shields "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"494"	494	"Level 2 Business Administration Apprentice - Planning Department"	"The Technical Planning team sits within Planning Services and employs approx. 20 employees to deal with a variety of administrative and technical duties relating to the planning process. As part of the team you will provide admin support to: Printing of plans, Receive telephone calls, deal with visitors, take messages and answer straightforward enquiries in accordance with service standards. Deal with incoming and outgoing post in accordance with established procedures. Prepare and present a range of documents such as correspondence and emails to an agreed standard."	"Cramlington "	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£3.90 an hour"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"495"	495	"Site Agent"	" Working for a north east contractor that work on a national basis. This is a role best suited to someone who has extensive marine and concrete experience.  This is a role for an agent who has come through form an engineering background and is looking to step into a management role or is already acting in that capacity.  "	"Wallsend"	"Permanent"	"£38,000 - £50,000 a year"	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"496"	496	"Window Cleaner"	" Must have at least 1 year experience in water fed pole and traditional window cleaning must have knowledge of the industry polite and willing to work with a team. early morning starts so Must be at office 545 am Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.75 /hour Experience: water fed pole & traditional window cleaning: 1 year (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.75 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"497"	497	"Clinical Lead"	" Full/part hours negotiable up to 35 hours per week Our vision is to deliver excellence in all that we do. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Clinical Lead Nurse working in our residential and nursing home for older people. You will assist the Registered Manager in creating a culture that supports compassion in care. In addition you will support the operational management of the home: be responsible for assessment, evaluation and review of individual health needs; clinical decisions; appropriate delegation and supervision of staff. If you believe passionately about safeguarding the rights and dignities of older people focusing not only on an individual’s health condition but participation in social and community life, we would like to hear from you. We are seeking someone with the right values, behaviours and attitudes. These are a commitment to quality; providing excellence: showing dignity and respect to our residents. You should possess a relevant nursing qualification; be registered with the NMC; experience in a similar role; a full clean UK driving license and access to a vehicle for business use. We offer a pleasant and supportive working environment and an excellent range of benefits including, free uniform; free parking; free tea/coffee; 33 days holiday per annum; contributory pension scheme; free life insurance and a free confidential staff support service and a commitment to your professional development with opportunities to progress within the charity. Interested? Visit our website: www.stcuthbertscarejobs.org.uk and apply on line or telephone 0191 2424808 for an application form. Candidates are required to complete an application form. Closing date for completed applications is 31 May 2019. Please quote ref number 0905/19. The successful applicant will be required to undertake an enhanced disclosure and barring service (DBS) check. If you have not heard from us within 3 weeks of the closing date, please assume that your application has not been successful. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Salary: £17.58 /hour Licence: NMC (Nursing and Midwifery Council) (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£17.58 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"498"	498	"Mortgage Case Handler"	" ***Exciting New Opportunity*** An opportunity has arisen to join our esteemed financial services client as Mortgage Case Handler You will communicate with the customer and the mortgage lenders to ensure a smooth transition from mortgage application to formal mortgage offer. Based in the Newcastle office you will join a busy and lively team of whose role is to support the advisory team and ensure customers get the best service possible. Base salary £17,000 p.a Bonus paid quarterly (£250) and annual review (£1000) subject to performance and achieving quality targets Hours Monday - Friday 9:00am- 5:30pm- (1 later shift each week working 10:30am- 7:00pm- except Friday's) The position requires the following skills and experience: - Excellent Communication skills Good working knowledge of IT systems including word and excel Excellent accuracy and attention to detail Ability to prioritise and work to deadlines Good interpersonal skills and someone who actively contributes to the team spirit Effective negotiator both within L&C and with our external partners Self-motivation and accuracy is essential for this role Strong work ethic Essential - Must possess at least 5 GCSE's including Maths and English (minimum grade C in both) Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £17,000.00 /year Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £17,000.00 /year Location: Newcastle upon Tyne NE1 (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Permanent"	"£17,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"499"	499	"Cover Supervisor"	"First Class Supply are experiencing very high demand for Cover Supervisors for secondary schools in Northumberland. As the education agency of choice for an extensive number of schools, we have a range of daily and short term opportunities available. Many schools are looking to develop a supply of regular, local staff for replacement cover therefore you will need to quickly establish good working relationships within the teams of various schools.  As a Cover Supervisor you will manage the classroom, ensuring that students remain on task with the work they have been set. To apply for this position you must: either be an experienced Cover Supervisor, or hold a degree in addition to having significant experience of working with young people, ideally in a classroom environment have the skills to manage challenging behaviour in the classroom be pro-active, enthusiastic, energetic and reliable be flexible to work at short notice as and when the need arises. First Class Supply are a genuine independent Employment Business that specialises in the education sector, currently celebrating 15 hugely successful years in educational recruitment. We have an unrivalled, fantastic reputation for delivering an exceptional, personal service to our partner schools, teachers and support staff alike. The first to forge real partnerships with schools, we are proud that our company ethos to support our local community in real ways has proved truly beneficial. As part of our commitment to our teachers and support staff we offer free, ongoing CPD courses, as well as ongoing professional support by in-house educational industry professionals. We lead, where others follow.  First Class Supply have forged strong partnerships with schools in Northumberland, North Tyneside, Newcastle, Gateshead, South Tyneside, Sunderland, Durham and Tees Valley.  If you would like to learn more about us and join the largest independent supply teaching agency in the North East visit our website; www.firstclasssupply.co.uk Alternatively, contact us on 0191 251 5566 to speak to one of our friendly team.  Applicants will attend a face-to-face interview, be expected to undergo reference checks and an enhanced DBS disclosure (if not currently held).  First Class Supply is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education."	"Whitley Bay "	"Temporary"	"£65 - £85 a day"	-1.4417687	55.0413087
"500"	500	"Bricklayer"	"Bricklayer required must have own transport to work in multiple locations across Newcastle on domestic properties. Main duties will primarily be brickwork but must be flexible to help out on other aspects of job including digging foundations steel placement and general associated extension and loft conversion work Salary to be negotiated Experience on work in domestic properties undertaken small extensions and loft conversions is essential as well as good and polite working manner"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"501"	501	"Temp Client Relations Admin Assistant - Admin & Clerical"	" What's involved with this role: A Client Relations Admin Assistant is required to work within the Client Relations Team dealing with formal complaints made against the Social Care and Education Services and processing Subject Access Requests in relation to children’s social care records. The role is office based but travel to other sites is also required. Duties to include: Assist the Data Protection Subject Access Request Officer with the receipt, processing and completion of Subject Access Requests with statutory framework (DPA/GDPR) Assist the Client Relations Team Managers and staff with the receipt and processing of formal complaints from service users or their representatives in relation to Adult Social Care, Children’s Social Care and Education Services in line with corporate and statutory complaint frameworks Answering a public facing customer complaints telephone service, taking queries/complaints and recording them accordingly Assist internal customers/colleagues with guidance/advice on statutory procedures Arrange and attend meetings with members of the public or internal officers Monitor and respond to public and internal email contacts Perform general office duties including data inputting, photocopying, filing, etc Process invoices for payment Dealing with incoming and outgoing post in accordance with established procedures Maintain information systems such as filing, client or asset records, booking systems and distribute information as directed ensuring accuracy and confidentiality Please quote the Job Title & Vacancy Reference No. in your application, or we will be unable to match your CV to the role being applied for. Your address (including post code) and a telephone number so that we can reach you during working hours Your recent UK working experience going back at least 5 years, or full employment history if you have been working for fewer years than this. Your availability to work either immediately, or at short notice. Good standard of education - equivalent to 5 GCSE’s A-C, including English and Maths Knowledge & Skills: Good communication skills - able to deal with customers face to face and via telephone Good written communication skills - able to construct a letter/email/report quickly and accurately Able to follow instructions and procedures with guidance Adaptable and able to deal with changing priorities Good ICT knowledge - word processing, spreadsheets and databases Ability to engage with service users and members of the public  Experience: Previous experience of working in an office/administrative setting Good eye for detail and accuracy Accurate record keeping Supportive and effective team player Clear and logical thinking required to deal positively with problems occurring within normal work routine with guidance  Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable: Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Basic understanding of Data Protection Act and GDPR legislation Basic understanding of Local Government Act 1974 Experience of working in local authority social care department or office based customer service environment Driving licence and access to car preferred If you would prefer to send a CV straight to us rather than by way of an on-line application, you are very welcome to do so via jobs@tclrec.com but please quote both the job reference and job title exactly as they appear below:Job Ref: Northumberland 1001507910734612 Anticipated Length of Assignment: Unless otherwise stated (we do carry the occasional permanent vacancy) all of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis and can sometimes become permanent. Please do try to resist contacting us with requests for progress updates. We really do read every CV sent to us. All applications will be acknowledged by a human, not a robot, provided the job remains live and provided your CV meets the “Essential Requirements” listed. Please note that we do our level best to take down ads as soon as roles have been filled. We are not in the business of harvesting CVs. Important: We will interpret your application as being permission to submit your CV to this role (with the right to represent you) unless you advise us to the contrary."	"Morpeth "	"Temporary"	"£9.77 an hour"	-1.686301	55.1717715
"502"	502	"QA Software Tester"	"Who we are: We are at the forefront of the drive towards smarter cities. Based in the centre of Newcastle, and proudly so, we’ve been running for 6 years and are at a very exciting stage in our company’s growth as we look to bring a new QA Software Tester into our core product delivery team. We work on interesting, meaningful products in a lean, fast moving fashion. We ranked top 10 for IP, now we need to get our products out to the world! Who we’d like you our QA Software Tester to be: We want to collaborate with interesting people. It could be you, especially if you have some of the skills and interests below:You care about the users of your product You love the agile/XP principles You are a professional who cares about your craft You like working as part of a team You spend a little time thinking before doing You're a contributor - someone who wants to be involved in defining our core products as well as building them.  What we’d like our QA Software Tester have:Experience of automated testing tools as well as exploratory testing You understand the importance of CI/CD Test Driven Development and/or Behaviour Driven Development. Good use of version control (Git). Any experience with AWS/Azure.  What you’ll get:Flexible working. The wage you deserve. A defined contribution pension. 25 days holiday a year. A Macbook Pro. Training days and budget Childcare vouchers Bike to Work Wider Wallet  If you are interested in the advertised position for a QA Software Tester please ‘Register your interest’ through the requested method and we will be in touch shortly with regards to your suitability for the role. Sharpe Recruitment Ltd is a North East based consultancy, dedicated to placing professionals in rewarding jobs throughout the North of England across a variety of disciplines including Digital Media, Design, Development, Creative Advertising, Sales & Marketing, Tech & IT."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£40,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"503"	503	"Call Centre Agent Full Time"	" We are a Sunday Times Top 100 Company To Work For,ranked as #20and the #1 Call Centre in the North East of England 2018 & 2019. We pay the National Living Wage of £8.21 per hour to all new employeesregardless of their age. We are looking for new full-time agents, to join the Inspired family this Mayin our Newcastle call centre. We are searching for bright and energetic candidates to work on behalf of our established household client; calling new customers and upselling the benefits of changing provider or purchasing new products. Do you have the desire to be successful? Want to join a company with a friendly, family culture? What about being highly rewarded and feeling appreciated for your hard work? Does full training, support and coaching sound good? Our people are at the heart of our business, meaning we want to find the best people to join our close-knit team – the Inspired family. You don’t need any previous call centre or sales experience. We’re more interested in who you are and if you have what it takes. We want to train and retain the best of the best. We’ll provide you with a stimulating, fun and vibrant work environment that promotes personal development and offers a great work/life balance. We’ll give you all the training you need to become highly skilled in the art of sales and we offer competitive rewards and bonuses. In return, we want you to be motivated, enthusiastic and passionate about sales success. Did you know as an Outbound Sales Advisor you can make up to £2,000 bonus per month 'on top' of your basic salary? THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL:  Make outbound calls to new customers, promoting the products and services of our clients. Work to set sales targets, overcoming objections confidently, and working with quality and adherence guidelines. Use appropriate questioning techniques in order to offer the most suitable product, meeting the customer’s needs. Perform a challenging, demanding, results orientated role which is hugely fulfilling and rewarding Always maintain professional and ethical working practices THE ‘MUST-HAVES’ FOR THIS ROLE ARE:  Excellent communication skills and customer focus, ideally with a background in sales and/or customer service The ability to keep calm The ability to take on board and implement coaching Results orientated with a determined attitude Resilient, Able to take rejection and the ability to work under pressure Great relationship building and interpersonal skills Team working abilities Excellent PC and numeracy skills WHAT WE OFFER:  We offer full training, on-going coaching, development and support Excellent career progression opportunities. You will benefit from a vibrant working environment in a small company with a family feel Generous ‘uncapped’ bonus & commission plan Great incentives such as iPad’s, HD TV’s, Holidays, Cash, and on the spot prizes to spice things up! Regular fundraising activities for Charities that make a difference If you feel you have the drive, passion and enthusiasm to be successful, please click apply and send us your CV today! Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.20 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£8.21 - £9.20 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"504"	504	"Brake/Turret Press Operator/Setter"	"Our client a market leader within the manfacturing sector is looking to add an experienced Machine Operator to their team. You will have experience working on Brake Press and CNC Punch Press machines. In this role you will also be required to support with general mechanical assembly work on the shop floor. Responsibilities - - Machine operating and setting - Reading from Engineers drawings - Machine inspection - Running of batch tests to ensure the machine is correctly calibrated - adjusting parts & setting with pre set programmes when required - All other associated tasks including general housekeeping of your work station Working full time hours, Monday - Thursday 08.00 - 16.30 and Friday 08.00 - 13.00. Overtime will also be available. This is a temporary on-going role with the opportunity to being made permanent depending on performance."	"Cramlington"	"Temporary"	"£10.40 - £12.80 an hour"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"505"	505	"Part Time Payroll / Accounts Assistant"	" Part Time Payroll / Accounts assistant required for a busy accountanting practice. 21 Hours per week. Sage Payroll experience Nest Pensions experience Sage Accounts experience Word and Excel experience. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £10.00 /hour Experience: Payroll: 1 year (Preferred)"	"South Shields"	"Part-time"	"£10 an hour"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"506"	506	"Lead Medicines Optimisation Dietitian"	"Are you looking for a role that will provide you with a chance to be part of an exciting and innovative new service?  We are looking for a confident and enthusiastic Dietitian to lead a new way of managing patients requiring nutrition support in the community and take on a pivotal prescribing role in conjunction with North Tyneside CCG.  This is a new role and the successful candidate will be required to have experience of service development and have excellent leadership skills.  The post will be aligned to the current community nutrition support service within dietetics and will be supported by the Clinical Team Lead, Operational Lead and Head of Service."	"North Shields "	NA	"£37,570 - £43,772 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"507"	507	"Health Care Assistant"	"    County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust is a great place to work. We have a talented workforce of 7,000 colleagues, making us a major employer in the North East region. You would be joining the largest provider of integrated acute and community services across the North East.  We pride ourselves in offering employees a career, not just a job - in an innovative and forward thinking organisation!      County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust is one of the largest integrated care providers in England, serving a population of around 600,000 people. We are a high performing organisation with a track record of success.  We are looking for highly motivated Healthcare Assistants to join in the development of a dedicated team who are adaptable and flexible highly motivated individuals who are committed to providing the highest standards of care for our patients. Specialising in the delivery of therapeutic safe handling of care to our patients requiring 1 to 1 /cohorting care, to ensure the best possible care is delivered in busy evolving working environment’s. We are looking to recruit individuals with an expectation of their availability to undertaking training within the first two weeks on commencement of the post  Please note, a group training session will be required once pre-employment checks are complete.    Working on our Bank  We are committed to building our Trust bank and welcome applications from applicants seeking to work flexibly via the bank service. Our bank rates are some of the most competitive in the region and the advertised rates are inclusive of holiday pay. Charges for DBS Processing  External applicants who are offered a position where a DBS is required as part of the process will be asked to repay this cost on successful employment. For further information please contact the recruitment team.  Staff Privacy Notice  Applicants and current staff may view our staff Privacy Notice by clicking on the right hand link 'staff privacy notice'. This may also be found on the CDDFT website.  Vacancies Receiving Large Volumes of Applications  Where vacancies receive a large number of applications (in excess of 50), the vacancy may be closed prior to the published closing date.    To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"508"	508	"In house compliance specialist"	"THE BUSINESS Our client is a major North East business with significant international operations, and an experienced and established in house legal team. Based in very pleasant Newcastle offices, it is a business with a good ethos and known as an attractive employer The significant growth of the business in recent time has created an increased focus on compliance matters, especially given expansion into new territories. For that reason they are looking to recruit an experienced individual with a background in compliance across a wide range of sectors.  THE ROLE At the outset you will need to undertake an initial review of compliance matters across the business (essentially a gap analysis), and then suggest a plan of action to set up relevant policies and procedures. The initial focus will be on general compliance such as anti bribery, competition law, some GDPR, possibly product compliance. You would then need to advise the business on risk areas the potential plan for addressing these.  ABOUT YOU You will ideally have experience in the more traditional' 'corporate compliance' field. You background may be legal, but that is by no means essential. You'll need to take a sensible commercial view with a risk based approach, and have strong communication skills to work on the project with many of the senior management team. This project is initially scheduled to last at least 6 months, but given the nature of the project it is highly likely to need a permanent appointee after that time period.  If you're interested in this role, please apply now or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us. If this job isn't quite right, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.  For a full list of jobs you can also visit the BCL job search page. BCL Legal is an equal opportunities employer."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£55,000 - £60,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"509"	509	"Customer Service Coordinator"	"  Job Type: Contract Category: Office & Professional, Manufacturing  Central Employment is delighted to be supporting our manufacturing client who require a Customer Service Coordinator to support their busy department based in Chester Le Street. The role will be for a fixed term contract until December 2019 with a potential of becoming a permanent role.  Responsibilities Process orders and respond to requests as necessary via telephone and email to agreed deadlines Ensuring all orders are dispatched on time, and in full, with any exceptions communicated to the customer in advance Liaising with internal departments, including planning, demand, logistics, QC and sample centre to ensure customer issues and requests are handled in a timely manner Communicate with the external sales team to ensure they are informed of all relevant customer issues and to discuss and act upon agreed solutions Maintaining customer profiles to the agreed standard Working within a team environment, supporting colleagues as necessary Providing customers with stock reports; reviewing these reports to identify potential issues for discussion; highlighting potential slow moving stocks to the appropriate sales manager for action Organizing workflow to meet both internal and customer time frames Resolving invoice queries Maintaining and reviewing customer forecasts Proactively reviewing sales and budget data to ensure we are aware of any changes to expected order patterns, contacting customers where appropriate to understand the background to any significant changes. Contacting customers to promote any new products or identified product gaps in their existing purchased Samples Activity Receiving sample requests from internal & external sources Pick and pack samples from the designated warehouse location Ensure all samples are collected by the nominated courier Confirm dispatches to request originator Record all sample dispatches Control sample stock levels, replenishing when necessary Requirements Previous experience of working in a consultative customer service role Experience of working in a manufacturing environment would be beneficial Comfortable of working to tight deadlines under stressful conditions Ability to work as part of a team and autonomously Proactive approach and flexibility towards working   "	"Chester-le-Street"	"Contract"	"£20,000 a year"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"510"	510	"Telesales Representative"	" Total Produce is one of the largest wholesalers and distributors of fresh produce in the world. We are currently recruiting for a part time experienced Telesales Representative, based at our Gateshead Site. Duties will include: Providing a fundamental supporting role to the Sales Development Team, including outbound cold calls and emails Booking and arranging appointments and diary management of the Sales Development Team Answering incoming calls from customers Upselling promotions and products to customers General Administration as requested What you will need: Experience within a sales/customer service role Excellent customer service skills Administration skills (computer literate & good understanding of Microsoft Package) Experience in selling a product or service Flexible to work additional hours to cover holidays/busy periods 20 hours per week, Monday-Friday, 10am-2pm Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8,628.00 /year Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8,628.00 /year Experience: Telesales / Telemarketing: 1 year (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Gateshead"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8,628 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"511"	511	"Cleaner (part-time)"	" Mitie Vacancy – Part Time Cleaner Company Name:  Mitie Ltd Job Title: Part Time Cleaner Hours:  16hrs to 26hrs per week. Shift pattern: Working 16-26hrs per week over 7 days. Additional hours are available to cover for holidays and sickness Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne, NE1 1LE Package:  Fixed Term Contract until March 2020 - £9.00 per hour, full uniform and structured career development prospects. Mitie Ltd are currently looking to recruit a part time cleaner to our NE1 Street Ranger team who focus on making Newcastle a safe, clean and enjoyable place for businesses, residents and visitors alike. Reporting to the Team Manager the successful candidate will take on a variety of tasks. You must be flexible in your approach to work to ensure we meet our client’s needs. Person Specification of Street Ranger Cleaning experience is preferred but not essential as full and ongoing training is provided You must be flexible in your approach to work to ensure we meet our client’s needs. To be a Street Ranger you will need to be outgoing and approachable Work well as part of a team As a Street Ranger you will be physically fit and enjoy working outdoors. You must have a passion for helping people with great communication skills. Mitie employs over 53,000 people, we have 100+ office locations and thousands of customers across the country, there’s no limit to what you can achieve if you work for us. Job Types: Part-time, Contract Salary: £9.00 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time, Contract"	"£9 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"512"	512	"Temporary Lecturer in 18th Century British History"	"Closing Date: 15 June 2019 The School of History, Classics and Archaeology is seeking to make a four-year appointment of a Temporary Lecturer in Eighteenth-Century British History. This is to provide teaching cover during the tenure of the Head of School. This will be a teaching and research appointment. You will be a fully integrated member of the academic staff of the School, and will be provided with mentoring and support towards their development as an outstanding teacher and researcher with ambitious plans to grow an international profile in their field. You will be expected to undertake research-intensive teaching in aspects of eighteenth-century British History (drawing upon a research specialism falling between c. 1660 and 1832) and contribute to co-taught modules at undergraduate and Masters level. Particular preference may be given to applicants with expertise in social and/or economic history and the history of gender. The University holds a silver Athena SWAN award in recognition of our good employment practices for the advancement of gender equality. The University also holds the HR Excellence in Research award for our work to support the career development of our researchers, and is a member of the Euraxess initiative supporting researchers in Europe. For informal enquiries, please contact Professor Helen Berry, Head of the School of History, Classics and Archaeology: helen.berry@ncl.ac.uk. For access to a full job description, please click here. Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£35,210 - £39,610 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"513"	513	"Loss Prevention, Safety & Quality (LPSQ) Officer"	"  Specialist business in North Tyneside is seeking to appoint an experience Loss Prevention, Safety and Quality (LPSQ) Officer to join its existing team. This position offers an excellent opportunity to work for a leading company and offers a salary c£24-26,000pa plus benefits. The role will involve providing administrative support to the Loss Prevention, Safety and Quality department to ensure compliance with legislative requirements and company standards. Assisting with internal and external audits, maintainence of records and production of management information. Duties will include:  Assists with the arrangement of audits, in line with legislation and company requirements  Maintains records of audit results, follow-up requirements to ensure timely close of audit reports.  Arranging external compliance audits as required  Assists the LPSQ Department in following-up the prompt and accurate implementation of agreed corrective Actions occurred from audits.  Prepares, files and/or dispatches all necessary departmental documents, reports and statistics towards the respective recipients  Supports the LPSQ Department in the preparation and follow-up of office internal audits and audits by external parties  Distributes updates on legislation, procedural changes and alerts / notifications  Assists in compiling and analysing data as well as in data entry, record keeping and following up of several key measures concerning LPSQ procedures and activities  Answers incoming calls and provides information concerning the LPSQ activities.  Maintains and updates routine reports to company entities and external parties etc.  Candidates should have experience in a similar role, ideally be familiar with the maritime industry/vessel operations and have basic knowledge of the ISM, ISPS, MLC and ISO guidelines and requirements. Applicants should also have confident communication skills along with excellent organization skills and strong attention to detail.  "	"North Shields"	"Permanent"	"£24,000 - £26,000 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"514"	514	"Bank Domestic Assistant"	" Prestwick Care is a successful family run business. We are a top care home provider based in the North East of England. Covent House in Birtley are currently looking for a Bank Domestic Assistant, to maintain a high standard of cleanliness and hygiene within the Care Home, whilst ensuring a safe, comfortable environment at all times. Job Title:  Bank Domestic Assistant Reporting to:  House Keeper Working Hours:  0hrs/Part-Time Main Job Purpose and Scope:  Ensure daily, weekly and rota cleaning tasks are carried out to a high standard Cleaning dining rooms/lounges/lavatories Dust and polish furniture and windowsills Comply with infection control guidelines Restock toiletries, soaps, towels Maintain a professional knowledge and competence Report immediately to the Home Manager, or Person in Charge, any illness of an infectious nature or accident incurred by a Client, colleague, self or another Understand and respect the privacy and individual needs of the residents Skills Required:  Previous domestic experience Understanding of the care home environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work successfully within a team If this vacancy interests you, don’t hesitate to apply, send your CV ASAP Job Type: Part-time "	"Birtley"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5795659	54.8985648
"515"	515	"Housekeeper"	"An opportunity has arisen to be part of our prestigious housekeeping business which is based in Whickham /Sunniside and surrounding areas! You will be required to regularly clean and look after our clients homes within school hours from Monday - Friday. The position is flexible hours starting at a minimum of 14 hours on a salaried basis with an excellent hourly rate. A driving license and your own transport is essential. Equipment and products are provided. You must be extremely houseproud yourself, nicely presented and hardworking."	"Gateshead"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"516"	516	"Administrator"	"  Our Client based in the Gateshead area requires a strong Administrator to join them on a TEMPORARY basis. The successful candidate must be able to commit to this role until September. You must have previous Administration experience and be available IMMEDIATELY.  Due to the location of this role you must have access to your own car. This office will be moving to the Gosforth area in June, you must be able to travel here.  The hours of work are Monday - Friday 8:30-5pm or 8am-4:30pm  Duties in this role are as follows:  Data entry  Responding to and conducting emails  Updating spreadsheets  Creating and delivering reports  General administration duties  Skills requires:  Strong Excel skills  Previous Administration experience   Office Angels acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Office Angels UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.  By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Office Angels. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information - please copy and paste the following link in to your browser: https://www.office-angels.com/candidate-privacy     Recruiter  Office Angels    Location  England, Tyne and Wear, Blaydon-On-Tyne    Salary  Up to £8.21 per hour    Posted  15 May 2019    Closes  12 Jun 2019    Ref  LS-150519    Contact  Louise Harris    Sector  Office & secretarial, Administration    Function  Administration    Contract Type  Contract    Hours  Full Time   "	"Tyne and Wear"	"Contract"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.566667	54.916667
"517"	517	"Laminate Fitter/ Joiner"	" We are currently looking for an experienced Joiner/Laminate Flooring Fitter to service our customers in the North East. The right candidate will be hard working, whilst achieving the highest standards in their work and customer satisfaction. This would be a contractor/self employed role with daily average salary of between £150 and £250 per day. You will be fitting Laminate flooring at multiple addresses in the Northeast area each day and will liaise with our Customer Service Teams to provide an industry-leading service to our valued customers. The ideal individual will have multiple years of experience fitting Laminate flooring in residential properties. Requirements; - Past experience with fitting Laminate flooring - A full UK driving license Your responsibilities will include; - Driving and unloading Laminate to the clients location. - Making sure that the floor surface is smooth. - Cutting, shaping and fitting Underlay, Laminate, beading and door bars. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £150.00 to £250.00 /day Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Contract Salary: £150.00 to £250.00 /day Experience: laminate fitting: 2 years (Required)Licence: driving (Required)"	"Sunderland"	"Contract"	"£150 - £250 a day"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"518"	518	"Commercial cleaner"	" We are looking for experienced cleaners to work at our respected client, you must be trust worthy, reliable, hard working and work to high standards. The cleaning job is in Sunderland city centre, parking is available on site. Hours are 6-8am Monday to Friday and this includes being a key holder and opening the office. We would prefer someone who can drive or someone who has reliable transport and to be able to start at 6am. Interviews will be held on Friday 17th May, so please get in touch as soon as possible to avoid missing out. Job Type: Part-time Experience: cleaning: 1 year (Preferred)Location: Sunderland, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)Licence: driving license (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"519"	519	"Support Worker/Enabler"	" Young man in the Ashington area requires support worker/enabler to support him to access the local community and places of interest. Client has a learning disability which affects his speech. Experience of working with clients with learning disability preferred. Support needed for 4hrs each week with an additional 2hrs every other week. Hours to be flexible around Tuesday or Thursday evenings or weekends Knowledge of Makaton desirable but not essential. Car driver essential. Ref. no. LR/Ashington Hours of work: 4hrs per week plus additional 2hrs every other week Rates of Pay: £9.20 per hour Location: Ashington area Main Duties:  A worker is required to motivate and encourage client particularly around outdoor activities like swimming, cycling, boxing. We are looking for someone with a general interest in fitness and outdoor activities who would be fun, outgoing and organised. Personal specification:  Honest, reliable and caring nature. Punctual and trustworthy Respect confidentiality Responsible and organised Fun and outgoing Further Information: An Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service Certificate (DBS) will have to be obtained for the successful candidate (at employer’s expense). Training:  Where it is required, such as in Health and Safety matters, practical training and guidance will be arranged and the care worker will be expected to attend. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £9.20 /hour Experience: Care Assistant: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Ashington"	"Part-time"	"£9.20 an hour"	-1.5708473	55.182294
"520"	520	"Cytoscreener Required in Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Maxxima is currently seeking an experienced Cytoscreener to fill a full-time role in Newcastle upon Tyne.The starting pay rate for this locum Cytoscreener job is £30.00 to £35.00 per hour and is an ongoing role.Requirements of the Cytoscreener role: All applicants must have relevant experience of working within an NHS or Private Pathology Laboratory. Candidates must have a Valid Working Holiday Visa, Ancestry Visa or EU Citizenship.Contact us: If you are interested in this position please contact us now by clicking the apply button.Due to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet our client's requirements.Reasonable adjustments: If you consider yourself to have a disability or require any reasonable adjustment during the recruitment process or within the workplace, please highlight this at the earliest opportunity by contacting our biomedical science team. With this information, we will provide appropriate support to you throughout the process and into your work placement.About us: Maxxima has been offering high quality, flexible staffing solutions to the health and social care sectors for over 15 years. We work with public and private health clients, local authorities and social care providers throughout the UK and overseas.We're the kind of people who put ourselves in your shoes.  We'll always go out of our way, putting you first and delivering on what we say. You'll know who's supporting you every step of the way and we'll always have time to take your call.We like to think we're a little bit different. Why? Because we like what we do, care about what you do, and you'll find we're unusually friendly.Recommend a colleague: Often, our candidates are so pleased with our service that they recommend us to their friends and colleagues.  To encourage this and say thank you, we offer a referral bonus incentive. The way it works is simple: if you introduce a candidate who is not previously known to Maxxima and we are successful in placing them, we will pay you up to £250. More information regarding referrals can be found on our website."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	"£30 - £35 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"521"	521	"Experienced Cleaner"	" Experienced commercial or Industrial cleaners required: Must have had previous experience within the office cleaning and Bar cleaning sectors: Main Duties to Include general cleaning to all areas including service corridors,bar areas, toilets etc. Some floor care experience would be advantageous. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £9.00 /hour Licence: driving license (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	"£9 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"522"	522	"Financial Administrator"	" Financial Administrator  Location: Durham, DH8 Pay Rate: £9.36ph Contract: Temporary Start Date: Immediately Hours: TBC Compliance: BTEC or NVQ Level 3 Job Description:  Financial administrator required immediately for a temporary contract. Candidate must meet compliance requirements and must provide proof of certificates. Administrative Duties:  Supporting the OPS/FF staff in the locality in the provision of general clerical and administrative support; Assist with general typing duties – reports, letters, genograms, chronologies etc; Assist with reception duties (receiving visitors, taking calls & messages, dealing with queries); To take a lead and oversee cover arrangements within designated buildings Managing incoming communications (email, post, telephone calls) and highlighting/prioritising key points to follow up; To create electronic documents, reports, letters etc from copy and dictation; To highlight issues of a urgent nature to relevant senior members of the team; Set up and maintain electronic and manual filing systems; Organise travel, accommodation and hospitality requirements; Establish and maintain a daily bring forward system;  Process payment of invoices and tracking of financial transactions using Oracle; Recording and administering petty cash and general financial records To apply, please send in your CV. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.30 to £9.36 /hour Experience: Administration: 3 years (Preferred) financial: 3 years (Preferred) Education: A-Level or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Durham, Durham (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£9.30 - £9.36 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"523"	523	"DBS184/19 Higher Level Teaching Assistant - Percy Main Primary School"	"This is an exciting opportunity for the right candidate to support in the implementation and running of a specialist SEMH provision for children who have been identified with an additional need.  We are looking for an HLTA with experience of working with children with additional needs. The successful candidate must have excellent relationships with children and a proven track record for excellent behaviour management. Experience of THRIVE would also be beneficial but training would be provided for the right candidate.  The specialist provision will run for a small number of KS1 and LKS2 children. The successful HLTA will work alongside a Teacher and 2 TAs to support the children within this provision.  We are looking for someone with a brilliant work ethic, good sense of humour and who is resilient to extreme behaviours.  We are looking for a HLTA who is willing to be adaptable to change, proactive and an excellent team player. We can offer you a supportive work environment in a lively and thriving school.  Application packs are available from and should be returned to: Mrs R Butler, Head Teacher – Percy Main Primary School, Nelson Terrace, North Shields, NE29 6JA (large SAE required) or by applying via email to: beth.brown1@ntlp.org.uk  Percy main Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. As such an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant employment checks deemed appropriate.  This post is term time only over 195 days, 30hpw  This post is fixed term up to 3 years in the first instance."	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary"	"£21,025 - £22,808 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"524"	524	"Semi-skilled Maintenance"	" The Facilities Management team at Coleman James are seeking 2 Semi-skilled Workers for contract roles in Newcastle upon Tyne. The day to day responsibilities will include maintenance work, working alongside mechanical and electrical maintenance technicians on a large static site. Basic plumbing, electrics, repairs, maintenance, small projects. They client is looking for applicants with mechanical and/or electrical experience. Ideally from a maintenance background or m&e background. This is shift work 2 day 2 nights 5 off. Must be willing to work both days and nights (4 x 12 hour shifts). Initially the role is for 3 months, could go longer for the right candidate. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £10.50 to £11.50 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£10.50 - £11.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"525"	525	"Maintenance Fitter"	" Maintenance Fitter (Mechanical Bias)  Circa £25,000 per annum Dayshift (flexibility needed to work early/late shift when required) Consett An experienced Maintenance Fitter is required to join a leading manufacturing site in Consett.  A mechanically-focused role, you will be tasked with carrying out preventative and reactive mechanical maintenance on a range of plant and machinery, including CNC and small power presses.   Applicants must hold a recognised engineering apprenticeship and have previous experience in a similar role. You must also be comfortable with basic fabrication and welding. Manual machining experience would also be a bonus.  Excellent timekeeping, a self-driven attitude and the flexibility to revert to shift working are also essential.  This position is based on dayshift, Monday to Friday. Flexibility to work a 2-shift pattern when required is needed.  Salary: Circa £25,000 per annum (depending upon experience).  For further details, please apply with an up to date CV to john.dorling@pin-point.co.uk. "	"Consett"	NA	"£25,000 a year"	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"526"	526	"Painter"	"   To work within domestic properties Prepare and paint interior and exterior surfaces Paint surfaces including canvas, walls, floors, doors, and cabinets. Mix, match, and apply paint, varnish, shellac, enamel, and other finishes The Person Experience domestic painter Ability to paint external and internal surfaces Experience of working on a range of surfaces Holds or willing to get Asbestos Awareness, Working at Heights and Manual Handling Certs CSCS Card holder   "	"Tyne and Wear"	"Temporary"	"£12.85 - £15.00 an hour"	-1.566667	54.916667
"527"	527	"Northumberland Church of England Academy Trust - Apprenticeship Business Administration - Level 2"	"To support and assist the Central Services Management team with general reception and administration duties, as required. Key responsibilities: Security passes, Replacement of Staff ID badges and the booking in of visitors and clients Preparing, printing, binding and archiving, when necessary, all company documents and reports Monitoring and maintaining stock levels first aid supplies and grab bags etc. Sorting and distributing incoming and outgoing mail Providing support and cover on reception when necessary, answering and transferring telephone calls, dealing with routine face-to-face enquiries, signing in visitors and carrying out ID checks Building a close relationship with the Central Service team to ensure the smooth and effective running of the school Maintain confidentiality in all aspects of student and staff information Interact with students, staff, clients, contractors and visitors Perform general clerical duties to include, but not limited to typing, copying, mailing, laminating and filing Provide support to the Maintenance team on the raising and closing of reactive, PPM and scheduled job requests Arrange routine and non-routine call outs, contractors and pest control visits and accompany whilst on site Order uniform for facilities staff and maintain a log Utilise the school financial system for the raising of purchase orders and then the subsequent processing of the associated invoices Attend team meetings and produce subsequent minutes/actions Where applicable, meet & greet including organising appropriate hospitality HEALTH, SAFETY, ENVIRONMENTAL & QUALITY: To take reasonable care for the health & safety of yourself and of other persons who may be affected by your acts or omissions at work To co-operate with the Company so far as is necessary to enable the Company to comply fully and at all times with its legal duties regarding health, safety and welfare matters To familiarise yourself with the Company’s Health, Safety, Environmental and Quality Policies and to comply fully at all times with the Company’s health & safety, welfare and fire arrangements To inform the Company immediately of any work situation which you reasonably consider represents a serious and immediate danger to health & safety or represents a shortcoming in the Company’s arrangements for health & safety General responsibilities: Be aware of and comply with policies and procedures relating to child protection and the safety, security and confidentiality of data, reporting all concerns to an appropriate person Be aware of and support difference and ensure equal opportunities for all Contribute to the overall ethos/work/aims of the school Participate in training and other learning activities and performance development as required To undertake other duties and responsibilities as required commensurate with the grade of the post Requirements and prospects Desired skills 5 A*-C/9-4 grades including maths and English or equivalent Competent with Microsoft Office suite Ability to work well independently and as part of a larger team Flexibility and willingness to work outside office hours if required Excellent interpersonal skills Exceptional organisational skills Proactive and responsive Personal qualities Smart and presentable appearance Polite and professional when public facing Well-mannered and courteous at all times Calm, patient and level-headed Able to prioritise Desired qualifications GCSE Grade A-C/9-4 in maths and English (or equivalent). Functional skills will be undertaken at College by applicants without this qualification Future prospects Full time employment Things to consider You will be in a working in a school environment with other members of staff on a daily basis. You must understand the principles of safeguarding and you must have a general awareness of the importance of data protection. Important Information: The Northumberland Church of England Academy has five sites, all of which you will be required to attend and/or travel to throughout your working days. Own transport would be an advantage or an excellent knowledge of public transport routes if necessary.  An Enhanced DBS Check is required for this position  This opportunity is open to all ages 16+ years. You may be entitled to additional support benefits if aged 25+ and dependent on your own personal circumstances.  For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates."	"Ashington "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5708473	55.182294
"528"	528	"Site Labourer"	" Kalcrest are looking for 3 x Site Labourers in Durham DH1 .Duties will include general site labouring.Applicants must hold a valid CSCS card.£9.22 per hour - On-going work.For more info please apply online or call our Rotherham office. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £9.22 /hour Licence: cscs (Required)"	"Durham"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£9.22 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"529"	529	"Part Time Sampling"	" Looking for a great part time role? We are looking for people in your area with brilliant people skills to work as Part Time Samplers in major grocery and high-street retailers sampling, demonstrating and promoting well-known brands. £9.38 per hour, 11 hours per week guaranteed work over two days (working days are Thurs, Fri, Sat, Sun).Location: Newcastle, NE16What does a Part Time Sampler do? You will be employed by CPM as a sampler visiting designated retail stores in your area. You will be proactively approaching and engaging with customers, using your people skills to encourage them to sample a range of branded products. Through your interaction you will give customers a high quality in-store experience and are will be able to use the great brand training we give you to help you successfully promote the features, advantages and benefits of each product. You overall aim is to increase brand awareness and sales.Part Time Sampler working hours: This is a part time role, working 11 hours a week normally across two days. Your normal days of work are either Thursday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday, or a combination of those days, between the hours of 8am and 10pm. The actual times of work will vary according to the needs of the business and will involve regular weekend working and additional hours during peak retail periods.This Part Time Sampler role will be ideal for you if:You are looking for a great part time role where your core working days fall on Thursdays, Fridays and weekends and you are happy to work within the hours stated. You are confident and happy to proactively approach customers to engage their interest in the products you are representing. You love retail and would take pride in creating great customer experiences. Previous experience of working in retail is ideal You are punctual with great time management skills You are comfortable with using technology, as you will be provided with a tablet to use at work  Successful candidates will require a level 2 Food Hygiene Certificate. We can help facilitate this upon joining, where requiredWhy work for CPM? CPM have been recognised for their employee orientated culture as we are an Investor in people Gold award winner. We invest in our people and can offer great career opportunities. We will give you the training and support from your manager and colleagues to be the best you can be and in return be famous for sales.Apply today to an ambassador for these great brands! CPM are an equal opportunity employer."	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"530"	530	"Class 1 Drivers Days or Nights"	"  Reference 341954 Salary £/hour Job Location - United Kingdom - England - North East England - County Durham - Consett  Job Type Temporary Posted 16 May 2019   CLASS1 DRIVERS REQUIRED DAYS OR NIGHTS (optional)  Reliable drivers wanted!  At Interaction recruitment we are looking for hardworking Class 1 HGV drivers to join our team of drivers in the north east.  As a long established company we take pride working with the best clients and candidates across the country.  Start times vary between AM and PM shifts. Competitive rates are paid to both PAYE and LTD candidates with a minimum of 8 hour shifts.  A valid CPC and digi tacho card are also required as well as no more than 6 points on the licence.  Expect to receive regular contact with your own personal driving consultant.  Send your CV to keith.harrison@interactionrecruitment.co.uk.   INTERVIEWS COMMENCE WEEK COMMENCING 20TH MAY/ASAP STARTS    Contact information Keith Harrison    "	"Consett"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"531"	531	"Band 5 Audiologist"	"Mediplacements are actively recruiting on behalf of our client based in Newcastle-upon-Tyne for an experienced band 5 audiologist. Excellent pay rates between £18.00 and £21.00 per hour. To be successful for this role, all applicants must be BSc / MSc qualified. Duties will include, Audiology service, ENT clinics and repairs and fittings. Newly qualified Audiologists will be considered. Additional benefits include:Accommodation available A dedicated one to one service Fast track registration process Excellent rates of pay Assistance with travel Weekly pay - on time, every time Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs No Registration Fee! Reimbursed DBS' Reimbursed online training  Not available for this position Why not refer a friend and earn yourself a £250 referral bonus! T&C's apply."	"North East"	"Temporary"	"£18 - £21 an hour"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"532"	532	"Regional Co-ordinator – North East (Maternity Cover)"	"   Job Title Regional Co-ordinator – North East  Organisation England Netball  Salary Circa £20,400 per annum  Location North East Regional Office, Northumbria University, 5 Ellison Terrace, Ellison Place, Newcastle, NE1 8ST  Type of Contract Full Time, 35 hours per week, Monday to Friday, 9.00am to 5.00pm Maternity cover up to 13 month contract from July 2019  Job Description These are exciting times for England Netball, following our Commonwealth Gold, we are currently ranked No.2 in the World. With a growing membership, growing participation in the sport and regular television coverage we are seeking to appoint a Regional Coordinator who is a high achiever and has the will to succeed in helping us take the next step to being a world leading Governing Body of Sport.  The Regional Coordinator will focus on: organising workshops to develop more coaches, officials and volunteers, working closely with and supporting the Regional Management Board and providing an outstanding service to members and participants through various communication channels. You will also contribute to the planning and organisation of regional events and help share good practice both within your own region and across the country.  For more information about the role, please contact Will Evans – 07458 126658 or will.evans@englandnetball.co.uk   For a full job description and person specification, please click here.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£20,400 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"533"	533	"Joiner / Multi Skilled"	" Due to further growth of the company and our client workload, we are urgently looking for 2 Multi Skilled Joiners to work on Void properties in the Gateshead area. Immediate start for the successful candidates. Must Have; Valid CSCS Card 5 Years Joinery and Multi Skilled experience Full Driving Licence Please send your CV or a brief history of recent work history and what your role involves. You'll be fitting Kitchens, Bathrooms, Tiling, Plaster patch where required, hanging doors, floor board repairs, possibly some painting and similar works. H&S Must be adhered to at all times, Face Fit test required at start. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Joinery: 3 years (Required)Licence: CSCS (Construction Skills Certification Scheme) (Required) Driving License (Required) "	"Gateshead"	NA	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"534"	534	"Class 2 / draw bar drivers"	" Class 2 (Cat C) drivers required for our client based in Washington area. All drivers are required to complete an onsite induction and full training will be provided - so may suit newly qualified drivers/ex army or those looking to get back into a driving role: Main duties: Double manned driving work or porter with you on each run Hand balling of products Delivery to local north east areas and national deliveries Experience with de-mountable bodies or wagon & drag vehicles desirable CSCS card desirable Must be prepared to off load own vehicle working in a physically demanding role Hours: Monday - Friday - occasional Saturdays Early starts available from 04:00 onward Rates of pay £9.50 per hour TEMP TO PERM- contracts available - please call Aspen Wolf ASAP for more details Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £9.50 /hour Licence: Cat C licence (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Contract"	"£9.50 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"535"	535	"Home Care Worker"	" Hourly Rate: £9.30/ hour (+22p/ mile) Are you looking for a role that is rewarding and provides a sense of satisfaction? Are you looking for a unique and varied role? If the answer to these questions is 'yes', then a role in care could be for you! We are recruiting for Home Care Workers to join our growing team. Established in 1986, Dale Care is one of the leading home care providers in County Durham and Gateshead, helping our service users to stay as independent as possible within the comfort of their own home. Your role in brief Our Home Care Workers have the chance to make a real difference to people’s lives, both at home and supporting them in the community. This is a role that varies from day-to-day helping the more vulnerable in our society, offering a sense of satisfaction that is difficult to match. Dale Care Workers are responsible for meeting the support requirements of our customers, in a way that respects the individual and promotes their independence. Our carers travel to the customers own home and assist them with daily tasks as agreed between the customer and Dale Care. The type of support that you can expect to be providing is no different to what would reasonably be given by a member of the person’s family. For instance, you may be providing personal care and support or domestic support Essential Requirements It’s essential that all Dale Care Worker applicants possess the following qualities: You must hold a full driving licence and have access to a car– please do not apply if you do not meet this requirement Self-motivated and well-organised Caring and sensitive to the needs of others Flexible The ability to use your own initiative Having the ability to communicate effectively Not worked in care before? That's not a problem. Whilst previous care experience would be advantageous, is not essential as you will receive; One full week of training (paid) prior to starting work Shadowing (paid) with an experienced staff member Regular refresher training to ensure your upkeep of skills and knowledge, on-going continuing personal development Opportunity to stidy towards a free diploma in Health and Social Care Shift Patterns:  Full and part time hours available, alternative weekend working is required, 7 days/ 7 days off working pattern available Full Time:  Monday to Friday between 7am - 5pm + alternate weekends Monday to Friday 7am-2pm / 3-10pm + alternate weekends Part-time:  Monday to Friday 3-10pm/ 6-10pm + alternate weekends (7 days on / 7 days off) Weekends only (7am-2pm, 3-10pm) Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Salary: £9.30 /year Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Salary: £9.30 /hour Licence: Driving License (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Ryton "	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£9.30 an hour"	-1.7635466	54.9737318
"536"	536	"Area Relief Officer"	"  At G4S, our Area Security Officers are driven by service excellence and ensuring the customer journey is a positive one. We’re looking for Area Security Officers to join our team based in:  Newcastle and Gateshead  About the role  With G4S, this is more than just a security guard job; we’re passionate about safety, security and service excellence, so we want to welcome you into a team built on integrity and collaboration. While it’s the job of our Area Security Officers to uphold a professional, alert and visible security presence at our clients’ premises, we also need you to be approachable with a strong customer focus, so we’re looking for confident people with excellent communication skills.  Ideally, you will have previous experience of working within a customer facing role and be in possession of, or willing to undertake the relevant training to obtain an SIA Security Guarding licence.  You must also be willing and able to travel to multiple sites of the client within the region. Ideally, you will possess a full driving licence, as well as access to a reliable vehicle. However, where transport links are good, we will also consider applicants who do not drive, but can demonstrate that they can travel between sites within the area with ease and for the start of each shift. We also offer an expense package to support the cost of travel.  You will need to have a flexible approach to work and be able to work Monday to Friday between 0845 and 1715 with occasional evenings and weekends.  As you will be working directly with the customer as part of a team to deliver an outstanding service, it is imperative you are able to work closely with your fellow colleagues to ensure members of the public comply with site rules and guidance. You may also be required to complete legible incident report writing if an incident should arise, so you’ll need to be fluent in both spoken and written English.  Working for G4S  This is an excellent opportunity for those looking for a security role within a customer focused environment.  We’re the world’s leading provider of security solutions, operating in over 100 countries and employing 20,000 people in the UK. We touch the lives of millions of people across the world, so our goal is to ensure we have a positive impact in the communities we work in.  We’re proud of our people and we rely on them to uphold our values and standards, delivering excellent customer service. That’s why we offer a great employment package, including:  20 days annual leave plus 8 Bank Holidays  Company Sick Pay Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Contributory Health Plan  If you’re ready to join the G4S team, apply now.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£8.49 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"537"	537	"Accounts Assistant"	"  Bullet points   Working for a global business based in Washington   Excellent progression opportunities    About Our Client  Our client are a global business with over 20 years experience within business services.    Job Description Invoice processing Data input Updating information on internal systems Document merging Answering internal queries Support payment runs Working directly with the Finance Manager Bank reconciliations Responsible for credit control and purchase order collections for assigned accounts    The Successful Applicant Part qualified AAT Experience of working in a financial environment Excellent IT skills Knowledge of Sage preferable Experience working in a global environment would be advantageous Knowledge of witholding tax would be beneficial  Demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills High levels of attention to detail and accuracy    What's on Offer Competitive salary Excellent progression opportunities Chance to work for an expanding business On site parking    Contact: Louise Reid   Quote job ref: 14016840  +44 191 490 41 23  "	"Washington"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £19,000 a year"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"538"	538	"HANDY PERSON"	"Looking for a handy person to carry out various maintenance/repair jobs in rental properties within Sunderland & surrounding areas. Must have experience & own vehicle/tools. Must also live in Sunderland. Duties will including joinery, basic electrics, painting & decorating, basic plumbing & any other associated tasks. Hours/days are flexible to be discussed."	"Sunderland"	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"539"	539	"Lead Support Worker"	"     Lead Support Worker  Full Time, however if part time works best for you let’s have a chat we can be flexible.  12 Months Fixed Term Contract  Salary circa £18,000 pa rising to £23,500 through length of service  Empowering customers to live rewarding and happy lives. That’s when it hits home.  We have a fabulous opportunity for you to join our awesome team. We support our brilliant customers who have complex needs which includes Mental Health, substance misuse and homelessness. Our customers live in a range of properties dependant on their needs. This could be in our core building in the heart of North Shields, within dispersed properties throughout North Tyneside or within their own properties where we provide the support.  We help our customers to meet their aspirations and develop the skills and knowledge to live independently. We work closely with other agencies involved within the customer's lives to ensure a holistic level of support which meets the individual’s needs. Working together to reduce the risks our customers.  Customer quote  'My Support worker is always there for me, they treat me like a human and don't look down on me and always follow through with what they say they will do'  About our team  You’ll be working alongside our fabulous team who are super passionate about supporting customers to reach their goals and celebrating their achievements. To us were not just a team we’re a ‘work family’.  Our manager is Sean, he is passionate about getting things right for our customers and you'll often find him working in the kitchen, and he only does this so you can’t make a cup of coffee without offering him one! There are lots of us in the team and we don’t just love to support our customers, we’re there for each other too!  We have the dispersed team which is managed by Rebecca who started as a coordinator and successfully progressed to a manger so really gets the role and is ultra-supportive. When Rebecca is not at work you'll find her getting her nails or eyelashes done. Rob manages the core building and has extensive experience within the sector and if you like motorbikes you'll never run out of conversation.  Toni manages our section 117 service and like Rebecca started Home Group as a Coordinator and has successfully progressed to be a manager. Toni is super passionate about the support of our customers and will support her team throughout anything... just don't steal her lurpak!!! You’ll also benefit from the specialist support of our Clinical Practise Lead Janet, who has extensive experience in Mental Health Nursing and is supporting the whole team with developing greater clinical understanding, Janet has 2 beautiful dogs and would adopt all the dogs from the shelter if given half the chance.  Working hours  You’ll work on a rota basis between the hours of 8am and 8pm and take your turn working weekends and bank holidays. We need you to be flexible to meet the needs of our customers, but we aim to give you the time you need to spend time doing the things that matter to you!  Bank  Looking for a more flexible working pattern? You can also join us on a flexible basis by being part of our bank. You can work hours that fit around your current commitments or even pick up some additional shifts to your main role to earn some extra cash and get paid on a weekly basis.  About you  You’re passionate and motivated to help vulnerable people make positive and lasting changes to their lives. You’ll impress us with your ability to work on your own initiative, positively influencing people from all different backgrounds.  You’ll help change our customer’s lives (and our services) for the better by undertaking risk assessments, support planning, goal setting and regular reviews. You’ll create bespoke and personalised support plans with and for your customers. Each plan will look to meet our customer’s individual needs and aspirations, making sure they meet safeguarding and confidentiality requirements. You’ll also have responsibility for coordinating our support workers, apprentices and volunteers, working collaboratively with external agencies, to assess and engage support for our customers.  We empower our customers to develop the independent living skills they need, to successfully move on. Together we’ll make a difference!  To make sure that we keep our records straight, and customers safe, it's really important that you are technologically savvy (or at the very least not a technophobe!) You’ll be given the latest IT kit, which could include a Surface Pro tablet and smart phone, supported by our new online integrated IT system which means that you don’t have to be in the office as you can complete support plans on the go.  It would be amazing if you have worked in this type of environment before, however it’s your “can do” positive attitude and enthusiasm that are critical to make this role a success. We can nurture your talent, just let us know in your cover letter why you have a passion for working here!  As this is a community based role, you’ll need to travel around to spend time with your customers. You could do this role using public transport, or if you drive and have access to a car that would also be amazing! (we pay your expenses to cover this use!)  If you are successful, we need you to have an Enhanced Disclosure Check through the Disclosure and Barring Service which we’ll pay for.  Want to know more?  If you’re not reading this advert on our careers pages, press the APPLY NOW button to access lots of useful stuff! You can download our Support Coordinator Job description, and find out more about Home Group. We’ve also got these brilliant videos that show you what it’s like to work here, and we know you’ll want to find out more about our award winning benefits and rewards package!  To apply  Don’t delay applying for this brilliant job, as we may close it early if we get lots of applications! Just upload your CV and your covering letter (don’t forget to attach this, as we really want to know more about you!) If you need help, we’ve also got some great templates available.  You’re unique!   Home Group play a big part in tackling prejudice and discrimination, not just for our customers, but colleagues too! You can be yourself here, because we value everything that makes you unique. So whatever your age, race, sexuality, disability, religion, or gender identity, we recognise and celebrate our differences.  Together we make Home Group a great place to work!        Work Locations: North Shields (Railway Terrace) 27-31 Railway Terrace North Shields NE29 6RP  "	"North Shields"	NA	"£18,000 a year"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"540"	540	"Roofer"	" Roofers needed for ongoing work on housing projects throughout Durham must have a blue CSCS card and have experience of doing all aspects of roofing for the right candidate there could be long term work Interested call Chris or Luke 0191 917 4740 Job Type: Temporary Salary: £14.50 to £15.00 /hour Job Type: Temporary Salary: £14.50 to £15.00 /hour Experience: Roofing: 3 years (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£14.50 - £15.00 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"541"	541	"Kitchen Assistant"	"If you’re on the lookout for an opportunity as Kitchen Assistant or want to start as a Kitchen Assistant and go on to become a Chef then this could be just the right career move for you! As our Kitchen Assistant with us you’ll be a valued part of our ‘family’ that loves the thrill of working under pressure in a well-known and much-loved business! WHAT WE LOOK FOR IN OUR KITCHEN ASSISTANTS: Passionate about working in hospitality Great eye for detail Enjoys and wants to be an active member of a team Excellent verbal communication An understanding of what amazing guest service looks like KITCHEN ASSISTANT ROLE: Preparing food Taking PRIDE in maintaining highest standards of cleanliness Adhere to safety and hygiene regulations at all times  ABOUT US It’s a home away from home, with all the benefits of a traditional pub. At Ember Inns, our teams love making our guests feel welcomed from the moment you enter. Our attention to every detail extends to the food we serve. The best ingredients are accompanied with the best service to bring the experience to life. Your career can flourish in the same way here, from the offset you’ll join a close-knit team eager to achieve and eager to please. WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU: We can offer you a personalised induction based on your current skills and knowledge, then set you some tailored goals within our S.T.A.R. development programme. This will help you progress to the next level, and beyond. Besides this you will have the opportunity to develop your career to some of our other excellent brands in Mitchells & Butlers.  33% off in ALL our businesses for you and up to 5 friends Tailored industry training Pension Option to opt in for some of our share schemes (e.g. Free Shares Plan) Shopping discounts with many UK leading retailers Discounts on shoes for work Flexible shifts Up to 28 days holiday Chance to earn extra money with our Referral Scheme  Oh, and you’ll have a whole heap of fun! Required skills: Engaging Personality , Enjoys meeting new people, Passionate about food, drink and great service"	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"542"	542	"Experienced Drainage Van Pack Operative"	"Due to expansion and the award of new long-term contracts we are seeking experienced operatives to become part of our extremely busy team. Must have driving licence. Required to work on various drainage contracts, assisting with emergency call outs and planned works. Good time keeping and enthusiasm essential. Will be expected to work overtime as part of working week and we also operate an on-call rota. With a basic salary of £19k with the earning potential, after overtime, in excess of £50k. Please note only successful applicants will be contacted. If you are looking for a challenging opportunity within a privately-owned drainage specialist company, with two strategically located depots, providing expertise on a 24/7/365 national basis please apply in writing with your current curriculum vitae to our HR Department using the following address; Unit A2 Leigh Trading Estate Norweb Way, Off Butts Street, Leigh WN7 3EQ. Alternatively, please forward your CV and a covering letter via email to vacancies@clearwayds.co.uk"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"543"	543	"Research Associate in Analog CMOS design"	"  Closing Date: 16 June 2019 This is an exciting opportunity to undertake optoelectronics research as part of a 7 year £10M project funded by the EPSRC and Wellcome Trust to develop a new form of intelligent optoelectronic/optogenetic pacemaker for patients with epilepsy. The mandate is to implement first in human trials in the early 2020s. The primary objective of this role is for the researcher to develop CMOS microelectronic circuitry to drive photonic devices to stimulate the nervous system and record from sensors. This includes the design of both digital and analog circuitry, and practical testing thereof. To apply for this position, you will need to be motivated, independent, hard-working and have excellent communication skills. You will have a PhD in Electrical and Electronic Engineering or related fields. You will have experience of taking a chip to tape-out, and testing thereof. You will also have a track record of publishing papers in respected research journals. You will be part of the Neuroprosthesis lab at the School of Engineering, Newcastle University, but will liaise with the wider Microsystems group, and collaborators at the Newcastle Institute of Neuroscience, Imperial College, London, and University College London. The School holds a bronze Athena SWAN award in addition to the University’s silver award in recognition of our good employment practices for the advancement of gender equality. The University also holds the HR Excellence in Research award for our work to support the career development of our researchers, and is a member of the Euraxess initiative supporting researchers in Europe.   This is a fixed term post available until 31 July 2021. Informal inquiries can be made with Dr Patrick Degenaar  Patrick.degenaar@newcastle.ac.uk Further information can be found by following these links: CANDO project: www.cando.ac.uk   Neuroprosthesis lab: https://www.neuroprosthesislab.org/  Microsystems research group: https://www.ncl.ac.uk/engineering/research/eee/microsystems/ Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains staff from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the community they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices. Click here for full Job Description   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£30,395 - £39,610 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"544"	544	"LGV Drivers"	" Position: LGV Class 1 & 2 drivers   Location: Tyne & Wear  Hourly Rate: Competitive pay rates  Type: ongoing temporary opportunities   We are looking for experienced LGV Class 1 & 2 drivers, as an LGV driver, the work will be with a variety of clients with shifts to suit all. You may be required to pass a company driving assessment. Whatever your experience and background we would love for you to come and be a part of our team.   Must have:  12 months HGV driving experience  Digi card and CPC  Benefits:  Benefits to working with Blue Arrow -Competitive pay rates Pension 28 days Holiday Lifestyle benefits  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"545"	545	"Bank staff Childcare Assistant"	" Little Butterflies is recruiting, we are looking for a friendly, reliable, bubbly person with a relevant level 3 qualification in Childcare to support our small professional team in our nursery in Wallsend. The position is a bank position, hours available to cover staff shortages/ sickness, may lead to a permanent position. As well as the relevant qualification you must be able to meet the following criteria. If you can ‘eat’ playdough shaped food ; answer toy phones and drink virtual tea whilst sat at mini tables and chairs,If you can read a fairy tale from an upside-down book; and keep your place despite constant interruptions,If you can be a princess, a monster, Elsa from frozen or Spiderman and encourage little ones to do the same,If you can deliver an endless supply of warm hugs AND at the same time, count heads that are in perpetual motion,If you can shop on the way home and not be bothered about colourful stains on your clothes,If you can connect the names of children, parents, siblings, pets and soft toys to the right faces,If you want to feel loved, special, and important to many young children and their families, then we have the perfect job for you. Applicants must have an NVQ Level 3 in Childcare or the equivalent- please note a Diploma in Health & Social care is not a full and relevant qualification. Applicants need to be available to work between 7.30am - 6.00pm Monday to Friday and be able to attend regular staff meetings and training courses outside these working hours. We are looking for someone with extensive knowledge of EYFS to work with children from 3mths - 5 years.as an appointed key worker for a number of children you will be required to provide stimulating activities, carry out a range of observations, record keeping, and planning day to day activities as well as intimate care duties. We are looking for someone with experience of looking after babies Job Type: Part-time Experience: childcare setting: 2 years (Preferred)"	"Wallsend"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"546"	546	"Welder"	"   Welding and fabrication of a range of metals including stainless steel, mild or aluminium MIG, TIG and MMA Welding Working from engineering drawings Use of tool room machinery including band saws as well as hand tools Working to tight tolerances Using overhead cranes The Person Time served Welder/Fabricator Experience of MIG, TIG and MMA welding to a high standard and finish Working knowledge of lean methodology (6S) Ability to work on range of metals including stainless steel, mild or aluminium Ideally be able to use overhead cranes Ability to work to tolerance of -1mm or above Experience of working with band saws and hand tools Ability to work from engineering drawings   "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£11.13 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"547"	547	"Waiter/Waitress"	"We are a new and upcoming Indian restaurant & takeaway in Stanley. The shifts will be Friday till Sunday Working hours are as following: 5:30 till 11 You will be given a meal at the end of the night to take home or have in the restaurant! You get benefits of discounts on takeaways and sit in’s for family and friends after your 3 month probation."	"Stanley"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	114.2159129	22.2143908
"548"	548	"Support Worker (Driver Only) Newcastle"	"  As a Support Worker with Community Integrated Care you will experience an incredibly rewarding and fulfilling role. Our Support Workers empower people with support needs to live the lives they want to lead.   We want to hear from caring, enthusiastic and dedicated team players with a can-do approach who, as a Support Worker, will be committed to support people to have a great life through innovative person centred support.   Previous experience is not essential as we provide a comprehensive induction and training programme.   Our ideal Support Worker will be: Self-motivated with energy and drive Reliable, friendly and caring to support the people we support to achieve their everyday goals (including personal care) Able to support in house activities and hobbies Confident and inspire the person we support to achieve more Able to help manage some behaviours that may challenge the norm – we provide training and guidance to enable you to do this Comfortable using basic IT systems that are required within the role - training can be offered to support this area  It is also important that you share our company values which are at the heart of everything we do and ensure that we deliver high quality, consistent care and support.  As part of the selection process you will have an opportunity to meet the people you will be supporting in their home environment. This will allow you to see first-hand their wonderful personalities and fully understand the level of care and support that is required.    In return, we offer you a rewarding role with the opportunity to develop your skills and future career in a rewarding and enriching environment. We also offer the following; Comprehensive induction and commitment to on going learning and development - opportunities to take NVQ Level 2, classroom based courses and e-learning 28 days holiday (inclusive of bank holiday) Holiday purchase scheme Contributory pension scheme Access to a free app offering retail discounts, leisure savings and holiday and travel discounts Employee of the month and other recognition schemes Employee Assistant programme - available 24/7 Wellbeing Fund Employee Voice - GameChangers We will also pay for your DBS At Community Integrated Care, we value all colleagues regardless of age. We are proud to offer pay over the statutory minimum set for young workers once probation has been successfully completed  Community Integrated Care is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"549"	549	"Bodyshop Administrator - PRS21213"	"  Automotive Bodyshop Administrator/Bodyshop Receptionist required for Accident Repair Centre near Bishop Auckland, County Durham  Hours: As this is an additional role to the business, we're open to full or part time hours - happy to hear from candidates looking for either at this stageSalary: Depending on hours/experience  We are currently seeking to recruit an experienced and professional Bodyshop Recptionist/Bodyshop Administrator to join the Customer Care Team within our Client's Crash Repair Centre. This is a busy environment and will require someone well organised, professional and friendly.  The role involves:Liaising with insurance companies and customers;  Data inputting;  Dealing with vehicle recoveries;  Arranging courtesy cars for customers;  Organising all paperwork and ensuring everything is accurately completed;  Using the Autoflow management system;  Professional handover of vehicles back to the customer. We're looking for candidates with previous or current experience in a Bodyshop role - Bodyshop Advisor/Bodyshop Receptionist/Bodyshop Administrator/Garage Administrator.  If you are interested in this vacancy or any other similar roles within the automotive sector, please send your full CV to Laura Rycroft at Progress Recruitment Solutions (UK) Ltd quoting reference PRS21213  Unfortunately we are unable to contact every application that we receive, if you do not receive a response please assume that you have been unsuccessful with this particular application, however if you have automotive experience we will keep your details on file and contact you should a vacancy arise that matches your skills and experience.  We are a leading recruiter within the automotive sector providing coverage across the UK, if you are looking to further your career within the motor trade please get in touch with us.  We have many motor trade positions available ranging from Car Sales and Vehicle Technician jobs through to General Manager.   "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"550"	550	"Regional Healthcare Assistant"	" Are you looking to expand your skills and enhance your career to include providing Complex Clinical Care or do you already have Complex Care experience? The ideal candidate for this position will demonstrate previous experience working within a care setting, it would be advantageous if you have complex clinical care experience but not essential as we offer full comprehensive bespoke training for our client’s clinical aspects of care.  This is a personally rewarding role where you can make a difference to our client’s life.  Role: Regional Healthcare Assistant  Location: Covering Newcastle&Gateshead  Hours: 36 hrs per week guaranteed  Pay: £10.00- £11.50 per hour  Travel expenses: 25p per mile  Shifts: Various but mainly 08:00-20:00, 20:00-08:00 days/ nights/ weekends/ sleeps  Requirements:  Full driving licence and own car  Flexible to cover 40 miles radius  Minimum 1 year of complex care experience Why work for Complete Care?  Complete Care specialises in the provision of highly complex care services delivered in our client’s own homes. We are passionate about delivering the highest standard of care and we recognise that our employees are integral to doing this. Please visit www.completecare.co.uk for more information about the fantastic work we do.  In return for your hard work and dedication you will receive:  4 day Paid Induction course  Holiday Pay  24hr Advice Line  Access to a Pension Scheme and Childcare vouchers  Care Certificate  Full Enhanced DBS check  Refer a Friend and you can receive £300 Don’t Delay Apply today by emailing your CV or please call Csilla on 07891 480330. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£10.00 - £11.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"551"	551	"Multi Utility Team Leader - Utility Connections - £35k-£45k"	" The Company:  Lloyds Accredited Independent connections provider offering utility connections in the new build industry Forefront of electrical connections across industrial and commercial developments The company offer a full range of design and project management services for electrical utility connections Offer national coverage The Role:  Multi Utility Team Leader  Overseeing electrical and gas connection installation across commercial and residential builds Single and multiple substation connection projects 11kv Liasing with external and internal stakeholders Dealing with installation and commissioning of electrical and gas connections. The Ideal Person:  Previous DNO or IDNO or ICP experience is highly preferable Experience within electrical distribution LV up to 132kv NCO GAS, or SCO AUTHORISED NRSWA Operative, CSCS Card, SMSTS Consultant: Matt Wilson  Email: mattw@otrsales.co.uk  Tel no. 0208 397 4114  Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. "	"North East"	NA	"£35,000 - £45,000 a year"	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"552"	552	"Maintenance handy person"	"Part time vacancy for a well experienced person in building maintenance. Small local lettings, maintenance and building business, requires an enthusiastic person to work flexible, part time hours maintaining private houses. Skilled in property repairs and preventative maintenance is a vital requirement. This might have been acquired through general experience, part time hobby or employment but working to a high standard of finish is essential. A responsible, good communicator who is able to work independently and with others are also vital to the role. As we are working inside people’s private homes, reliable, trustworthy and honest persons should only apply."	"Durham "	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"553"	553	"Cleaning/Security Officer"	" Job Description Job Summary Professional Cleaning and Security Operations are an integral part of our service delivery, working at a prestigious retail site in the Whitley Bay area, the successful Operative will be the first line in being a highly visual presence on site maintaining cleaning standards and assisting with Security duties. Able to respond quickly and effectively to any customer queries, ad-hoc requests and alarm activation escalating any concerns through the site assignment instruction procedure. This is a prestigious client so attention to detail, remaining calm under pressure and a confident nature are high priority skills we will be looking for. Previous experience of cleaning and security duties will be viewed as a distinct advantage, although full training for the site will be given. Responsibilities and Duties This Role holder is responsible for both planned and demand cleaning and security duties so you will experience arrange of activities each day, such as: React accordingly to any cleaning needs in the arcade such as litter picking & reactive cleaning of spillages. Mopping & upkeep of arcade floor using scrubber/dryer machine – full training will be given. As and when required the restock and cleaning of staff toilets Providing an efficient and effective security service for the client, ensuring the service agreement between Anchor and the client are met Regular patrols around the site Incident reporting Completing required paperwork, logs and occurrence books Lock and unlock of buildings Reception duties and dealing with visitors Qualifications and Skills A valid SIA Licence Previous experience of Scrubber Dryer would be an advantage As you will be completing customer and business paperwork a good standard of written communication is required This is a front line Customer Service role so good verbal communication skills are a must Benefits Access to NVQ Qualifications through the Anchor Academy Planned Rosters Employee Portal Free Uniform Auto Enrolment PensionSalary: £8.45 * Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-time Salary: £8.45 /hour Experience: Cleaning: 1 year (Preferred) security: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: SIA (Required)"	"Whitley Bay "	NA	"£8.45 an hour"	-1.4417687	55.0413087
"554"	554	"Live in Carer"	" Care Assistants, Live in needed for Clients Nationwide Would you like a flexible and rewarding career with a difference? You may already work in the Health and Social Care Industry and would like a change. We support Clients who have spinal cord injuries and neurological conditions.Live in Carer Would you like a flexible and rewarding career where you can make a difference? Our carers come from all different backgrounds. Whether you're an experienced carer looking for a change of career, or have cared for a close friend or relative, we want to hear your story and help you on the way to becoming a successful Live in Carer with Active Assistance. We support clients with a variety of physical disabilities, for example spinal cord injury, Multiple Sclerosis and Motor Neurone Disease. The purpose of the role is to deliver an excellent standard of care for Clients and promote independence within varied environments such as home, education, work and social settings.Live in Carer Pay Grades £82.10 per day - Grade 1 Starting Salary  £84.85 per day - Grade 2 On successful completion of your 3-month probation and a further 100 days worked  £89.95 per day - Grade 3 This is dependent on successful completion of your 3-month probation and qualifications: Level 3 Diploma / NVQ in Health and Social Care or equivalent healthcare related. Overseas Nursing, Occupational Therapy and Physiotherapy qualifications will be accepted. Potential to earn higher rates of pay when working on specific complex packages Day rate is inclusive of Government accommodation offset, which will be deducted for every 24 hrs you spend in the Client's home BenefitsFlexible contract and working patterns to suit you Free four-day award winning training course in Leicester and Essex with accommodation and lunch provided Paid travel to and from your assignment within the UK Food and accommodation provided whilst on assignment Free DBS certificate (costs only claimed back if you leave within your probation period) Career progression and vocational qualification opportunities £400 Refer a Friend scheme for employees (full T's & C's on our website) Accrued holiday pay, enhanced rates for bank holidays and workplace pension You will be employed directly by Active Assistance on a flexible temporary contract, the role is classed as temporary as you move around the country to live with different clients Access to workplace wellness scheme Live in Care Assistant Profile You will be empathetic, reliable and have the flexibility to work with our clients across the UK, supporting them to live an independent life. Duties will include personal care, domestic tasks and social activities. Every client is individual and therefore you will be willing to adapt to different lifestyles to ensure that the client you are working with can live an independent life. You will strive to apply our core values of Responsibility, Passionate, Caring, Integrity and Collaboration in every aspect of your work.Additional Skills and InformationValid full driving licence and competent driving skills (own car not needed). We consider non-driving applicants Ability to communicate effectively in English (written and spoken), which includes being able to actively listen to and follow instructions from your client You will work on average 10 hours per day and have the opportunity to schedule your assignments up to 6 months in advance, enabling you to create a good work / life balance. All applicants will need to have proof of eligibility to live and work in the UK  Active Assistance is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of vulnerable adults and children. All applicants must be willing to undergo the appropriate screening, including checks with past employers and an Enhanced Disclosure via the Disclosure and Barring Service."	"Sunderland"	NA	"£82.10 - £89.95 a day"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"555"	555	"Production Operator (Food)"	"Production operatives (Food) in Blaydon. Working for a well known food manufacturing organisation in the Blaydon area. Pay Rate £8.21 per hour Working various shift patterns, both day shift and night shift Experience working in a food manufacturing environment is essential for this role Food Hygiene certificate is preferred but not essential. All candidates must be flexible in their approach as will be expected to work across all areas of the factory to support the needs of our client.  If you are interested, please call 0191 232 3302 or send your CV to jamie.campbell@meridianbs.co.uk Meridian Business Support is acting on behalf of our Client as a Recruitment Agency."	"North Shields"	"Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"556"	556	"Freelance Trainer - Clinical"	" We are looking for Freelance (Self Employed) Health and Social Care(clinical) Trainers who can deliver a variety of clinical training courses within the Health and Social Care Sector. Applicants must have a recognised Level 3 teaching qualification or above, occupational experience and an enhanced DBS check (or willing to undertake one at your own expense). We offer competitive rates of pay and CPD programme. Must have own transport and willing to travel. Some of the courses you will be delivering are: * Catheterisation * PEG Care * Tracheostomy Awareness * Venepuncture * Wound Care Job Type: Contract Experience: training: 2 years (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Gateshead "	"Contract"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"557"	557	"Lead Medicines Optimisation Dietitian"	"    We are one of the country’s top performing NHS Foundation Trusts, looking after the wellbeing of around half a million people across Northumberland and North Tyneside – one of the largest geographical areas of any NHS Trust in England.  We deliver care from 11 acute sites including an emergency care hospital, general and community hospitals, an outpatient and diagnostic centre, an elderly care unit and an integrated health and social care facility.  We are rated ‘outstanding’ overall by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). We are one of the North East’s largest employers with 9,500 dedicated members of staff. We have a Council of Governors with 70 members, representing the public, staff and some of our external partners.  We invest heavily in staff to ensure that the best talent is attracted, developed, looked after, and retained in every area of the organisation. Staff satisfaction is high and our staff consistently rate us as one of the best places to work in the NHS.  We were one of the first NHS Trusts to receive foundation status, and have been a foundation trust for over a decade.  Candidates must read the entire ‘Applicants Guidance Notes’ before submitting any applications.  Please note that it is a requirement of this employer that all successful applicants pay for their own DBS certification if a DBS check is required for the post. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first monthly pay.      Are you looking for a role that will provide you with a chance to be part of an exciting and innovative new service?  We are looking for a confident and enthusiastic Dietitian to lead a new way of managing patients requiring nutrition support in the community and take on a pivotal prescribing role in conjunction with North Tyneside CCG.  This is a new role and the successful candidate will be required to have experience of service development and have excellent leadership skills.  The post will be aligned to the current community nutrition support service within dietetics and will be supported by the Clinical Team Lead, Operational Lead and Head of Service.  For further details / informal visits contact:  Emma Emmerson - Head of Nutrition and Dietetics Service  Wendy Cochrane - Clinical Team Lead Dietitian  Sian Podbur - Clinical Team Lead Dietitian  Tel - 0191 293 4280  Closing date: 28th May 2019    At Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust, we believe that our staff are the foundation for all that we do. The Trust recognises its role in supporting the health and wellbeing of its staff and it taking positive action in this respect. We have a range of initiatives and support for staff including psychology and counselling, physiotherapy, physical activity opportunities and healthy food choices on site.  The Trust is completely smoke free from March 2018. We do not discriminate against people who smoke but we do require all staff to be smoke free whilst at work and we have a range of support in place to help and support staff with this.  After applying via NHS Jobs, your submitted application will be imported into our preferred Third party recruitment system. All subsequent information regarding your application will be generated from apps.trac.jobs. You will not be able to track the progress of your application or receive messages through the NHS Jobs website, and furthermore, that as an employer, we will not be able to respond to any e-mails sent to us via the NHS Jobs website. By applying for this post you are agreeing to Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust transferring the information contained in this application to its preferred applicant management system. If you are offered a job information will also be transferred into the national NHS Electronic Staff Records system.      To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"North Shields"	NA	NA	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"558"	558	"Housekeeping Team Leader"	"  Job Ref: INT4882   Branch: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter   Location: Crowne Plaza - Newcastle Stephenson Quarter, Newcastle Upon Tyne   Salary/Benefits: Competitive Salary   Contract type: Permanent   Hours: Part Time   Shift pattern: 7AM - 3.30PM 8AM-4.30PM 9AM-5.30PM   Hours per week: 28   Posted date: 17/05/2019   Closing date: 09/06/2019  Looking for a company where you can develop, are encouraged to provide impressive customer service (both internally and externally), show you care, be empowered to WOW!  What are we looking for?  We are currently looking for a Housekeeping Team Leader to join our Housekeeping team.  As a Housekeeping Team Leader, you will be responsible for ensuring all rooms are inspected to a high standard, along with supporting and leading your team.  You will be responsible in following and working to all brand standards, counting and stock rotation to support distribution. You will always be availale to help with guest requests and other duties in housekeeping. This position will also require some room cleaning when required.  Preference will be given to someone with hotel experience within housekeeping. You must be smart, and professional at all times, with a great 'can do attitude'.  How do we Reward you?  Great rewards are aligned to joining our portfolio, not only do Interstate offer great discounts for Staff, Friends & Family within all their UK hotels, but you also get to experience your own brand benefits, World Wide!!! Plus we have a very successful Training Academy that awaits you, to support your development and career across all brands.  So....  So if you have a great personality and can be a valued team member, especially during pressured times, then we want to hear from you!  What's your passion? Whether you're into swimming, travelling or reading at Crowne Plaza we're interested in YOU. We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"559"	559	"Cook/Kitchen Assistant"	" must have health and hygiene and other certificates what is needed.you must be able to cook and be part of a team and work by them selves.when the boss is not there be able to open up and close.do ordering etc. i need them to cook.keep cafe clean and tidy collect dishes out front.wash up make drinks etc.must have a friendly manner.must be able to work weekends and cover holidays Job Type: Part-time Location: Sunderland, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"560"	560	"Mobile Cleaning Supervisor"	" A Mobile Cleaning Supervisor is required to work in North East and extended area. Company Vehicle to be provided for business use only. Minimum of 40 hours per week, however, you must be prepared to work additional hours as and when required. You may be required to cover early morning starts, evenings and occasional weekends. Company vehicle and fuel card provided for business use Responsibilities Carry out all cleaning tasks in accordance with the work schedule Take ownership of Health and Safety for yourself and others at work Complete all work in accordance with current legal Health and Safety requirements Ensure any appropriate warning signs are always in use Observe and comply with site rules and regulations at all times Maintain equipment and materials in a clean and safe working order Report all machine and building faults to line manager Respond courteously to customer and management requests Undertake any other duties requested by line managers To use a time and attendance system to record working hours Knowledge skills & experience Preferably have cleaning experience however training can be provided. Supervision experience would be an advantage as some supervision of other staff may be required A DBS check will be required for this position. If you do not have one, NECS will cover the cost to apply Full UK driving licence required Person Be reliable and hardworking with a professional attitude Be able to work to a schedule Be able to work as part of a team Be able to work using their own initiative About the company NECS initially started trading as North East Cleaning Services in January 2006 with a scope that encompassed the North East of England. We are still based in Northern England, but now the business has significantly expanded to provide contract cleaning, commercial cleaning and facilities management expertise from the Scottish Central Belt to the Midlands. Integral to the success of NECS has been our philosophy of providing high quality contract cleaning services at competitive prices and in a prompt timeframe. However, there is an additional concept that we strongly value and believe has been integral to the success of our company: Management. Without high quality management the rapid growth of NECS would not have been achievable in such a short space of time. There may also be required to work in other geographical areas of the country on occasion to cover holiday etc. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £18,720.00 /year Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,720.00 /year Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £18,720.00 /year Experience: janitorial: 1 year (Required)Licence: driving license (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Permanent"	"£18,720 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"561"	561	"Cleaner"	"Part time cleaner required for approximately 18 month Wednesday and Friday 1.30pm - 3.30pm. Duties to include emptying waste bins, vacuuming and mopping of floors, dusting of furniture etc, sanitising of toilets and kitchen area."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"562"	562	"Accounts Senior"	" Palmer Barron Consulting are working closely with am independent firm of Chartered Accountants on the outskirts of Newcastle who are looking to appoint an experienced Accounts Executive. The post will be working with a portfolio of clients typically up to £30m t/o from a wide range of industries, producing statutory year end accounts including initial corporation tax computations. You'll also work on advisory assignments with clients, identifying opportunities and working closely alongside a Partner to offer tailored specialist advise to clients. There will be an opportunity to work on some audit assignments should you wish too and have gained previous experience. Applicants must have experience of working within the profession and ideally you'll be CCAB qualified with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £28,000.00 to £34,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£28,000 - £34,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"563"	563	"Principal Consultant/Designer- CDM- Health & Safety- Newcastle or Sheffield"	" Job Summary  At Turner & Townsend we’re passionate about making the difference. That means delivering better outcomes for our clients, helping our people to realize their potential, and doing our part to create a prosperous society.  Every day we help our major global clients deliver ambitious and highly technical projects, in over 130 countries worldwide.  Our team is dynamic, innovative and client-focused, supported by an inclusive and fun company culture. Our clients value our proactive approach, depth of expertise, integrity and the quality we deliver. As a result our people get to enjoy working on some of the most exciting projects in the world.  Job Objectives  We are now seeking to recruit a proactive and ambitious Health and Safety Consultant to provide Health & Safety services to a range of existing clients in Newcastle or Sheffield.  The successful candidates will be expected to deliver H&S consultancy / CDM co-ordination/advisory and other related projects across a range of commercial, public and infrastructure clients. The candidates will be responsible for managing their own day to day activities and workload with deliverables and timescales agreed by their line manager.  Job Objectives  On a day to day basis the successful candidates will undertake a range of duties which will depend on their level of qualifications and experience, but generally may include: Providing our wide range of clients with high level H&S consultancy services and associated reporting, presentations and management information Advice and support to clients on the CDM regulations including planned 2015 amendments Delivery of CDM co-ordination services and other CDM / H&S related projects Delivery of health and safety training and workshops/awareness sessions to Clients, project teams and internal audiences. Undertaking H&S audits of the Client's and their supply chains’ safety management systems including evidence of successful implementation Assisting in the development of further H&S or CDM opportunities through technical articles, speaking opportunities and bid support Possible support may be needed to other offices in the UK or Ireland on an occasional basis. Occasional international projects may arise.    #LI-SM1  Skills Required  Candidates will have a minimum of 3 years experience delivering practical health and safety solutions either as an in-house H&S Advisor or as a Consultant.  You will ideally be degree qualified (or equivalent) in a relevant H&S / design / engineering / property related discipline, with a NEBOSH certificate as a minimum in H&S, but preferably NEBOSH Diploma and be CMIOSH / RMaPS, or actively working towards it.  Experience of business development and line management of small teams would be an advantage. You must have excellent written and verbal communications skills and be confident in giving presentations in a client facing environment. You must be literate in everyday IT packages such as Microsoft Office. You will be confident in working on your own initiative and delivering to deadlines. You must be prepared to travel on the occassional basis.   Turner & Townsend is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and actively encourage applications from all sectors of the community.  Please find out more about us at www.turnerandtownsend.com  "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"564"	564	"NHS Inbound Customer Service Advisor"	"Brook Street are running a rolling recruitment drive for highly skilled Inbound Customer Service Advisors to work for the renowned NHS Business Services Authority. In the heart of Newcastle, this bustling contact centre has fantastic on-site amenities and brilliant public transport links. To be a successful inbound customer service advisor, you will require: - Experience delivering excellent customer service - Confidence and a natural talent for negotiation - Passion for the NHS and its objectives - Empathy - High level of accuracy and attention to detail These positions are fully inbound, with no sales or cold calling. Your ultimate objective will be customer resolution in line with the values of the organisation.  Initially, you will be skilled in one primary call stream, from collections and penalty charges to eligibility checking and exemptions, depending on the business need at the time. Training is structured and intense, varying between three and five weeks depending on the call stream. You will move from one full week in the classroom, to one-on-one mentoring and then graduate into the training academy to hone your skills! Excellent Benefits: - Monday to Friday with the exception of one in four Saturdays - Excellent working hours between 8am - 6pm - Full-time, temporary to permanent contracts - £8.21 increasing to £9.03 after 12 weeks with incentivised overtime rates - Fantastic progression opportunities - NHS discounts and perks!  If you are a committed and enthusiastic individual looking for a long-term opportunity within the public sector, look no further! Due to the high volume of candidates responding to our adverts we are not always able to provide feedback on your application. If you do not hear from us within the next five days, please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion, however, your details will be kept on file and you may be contacted about other opportunities."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£8.21 - £9.03 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"565"	565	"Male Personal Assistant (VIT/DP/001/19)"	" Male Personal Assistant Gosforth 6 - 9 hours per week £8.50 per hour Permanent contract A Male Personal Assistant is required by a 40 year old man. The post is most suitable for an enthusiastic and motivated individual, who has an interest in sport, to assist with various social and educational activities. You must have a sense of humour and be flexible around working hours. Some Saturday shifts. Driver preferred. Posts are subject to DBS checks and satisfactory references. Closing date is Friday 14th June This post is exempt under the Equality Act 2010schedule 9 paragraphs 1 – 4 Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.50 /hour Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time"	"£8.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"566"	566	"kitchen/domestic assistant"	" temporary post to work in a dementia care home working to a high standard, must have basic cooking skills, references and DBS needed, 18 hours per week over 7 days, 7am-1pm Job Type: Part-time "	"Seaham "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.3355612	54.8372106
"567"	567	"SEN Teaching Assistants required ASAP"	" 123Teachers are currently looking to recruit several qualified SEN Teaching Assistants and Learning Support Assistants who can fulfil both long and short term work with our SEN Schools across County Durham and Darlington. With immediate starts available upon clearance to work, roles are flexible and those available include both part and full time. Please note that due to the nature of the work involved and the students support needs, applicants MUST possess:  A minimum qualification of Cache Level 2 Teaching Assistant or equivalent Proof of eligibility to work in the UK A caring, patient and understanding nature Experience of working within an SEND environment Acting under instruction from the Teacher, you will be working with pupils from Primary to Secondary age and duties will include:  Helping to plan lessons and prepare resources Assisting with the learning and development of pupils who have a broad spectrum of learning support needs such as Autism, SEMH, PMLD, Downs Syndrome and Physical Disabilities amongst others Recording pupil progress and monitoring pupils both inside and outside of classroom De-escalation/restraint training such as Team Teach, Mapa or Nappi is desirable, but not essential. Benefits include:  Pension contributions, paid weekly, excellent rates of pay (rate of pay is dependent upon level of experience and qualification level). If you are interested in these roles, please click ‘Apply Now’ or call us 01325 734838. 123Teachers is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Permanent Salary: £55.00 to £70.00 /day Experience: SEN Teaching Assistant: 1 year (Preferred) General Teaching Assistant: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: Driving License (Preferred) Physical restraint training (Preferred) "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Temporary, Permanent"	"£55 - £70 a day"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"568"	568	"PT Prep & Catering Assistant"	"We are looking for someone to join our very small team, working as a PT Prep & Catering Assistant for our Andersons store in Newbiggin by the Sea. Required to prepare salad, hot meals and sandwiches. Therefore, experience of working with food, and full knowledge of food safety / hygiene is essential. Training will be provided. Monday - Friday. Start time approx. 7am. Approx. 12 hours per week, to start. National minimum wage. Apply with CV via email."	"Newbiggin-by-the-Sea "	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5109345	55.1853665
"569"	569	"Accounting Skills Tutor"	" Adult Learning and Skills Tutor - Accounting Location: Newcastle, NE1 Pay Rate: £19.44ph Contract: Temporary Start Date: Immediately Hours: TBC Compliance:  Enhanced DBS within the last 12 months Job Description:  Adult learning and skills tutor required for a temporary contract - must specialise in accounting. Please send in your CV to apply. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £19.40 to £19.44 /hour Experience: tutoring: 3 years (Preferred) accounting: 3 years (Preferred) Location: Newcastle upon Tyne NE1 (Preferred)Licence: Enhanced DBS Certificate (Preferred) Driving License (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£19.40 - £19.44 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"570"	570	"Accounts Assistant"	"A thriving Sunderland based firm is looking for an Accounts Assistant to join their Limited Company team. With attractive holiday, including Boxing Day through to after New Years Day, this firm offers a great work-life balance. In less than a year one of their LC accountant is retiring, so they are looking to train someone up to replace them. For the right candidate, progression is a certainty.  This is a Monday-Friday, 9-5, full time, permanent position. They are looking to interview as soon as the right candidates present themselves, so get applying. The role: - Preparing Accounts. - Chasing up Recourse. Accounts analysis. - Working with sole traders and partnerships. - \"Mucking in\" with assisting the firm. - On occasion helping out with VAT matters. What they are looking for: - AAT part or fully qualified. - Ambition. - Strong worth ethic. - Experience of working in an Accounting firm.  If you would be interested in this role contact me, Tom Walsh at Brook Street Newcastle."	"Sunderland"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"571"	571	"Teaching Assistant SEN"	"First Class Supply are currently working with secondary schools throughout North Tyneside who require Teaching Assistants to work with SEND pupils on both a 1-1 and small group basis. You must have experience of SEMH.  A range of daily and longer term positions are available, where you will be able to establish good working relationships within the teams of specific schools. There are options for full or part time hours, meaning we are able to provide you with a position that suits your lifestyle. This is also an excellent opportunity if you are seeking permanent employment as introductions to new schools often leads to future positions. To apply for this role you must: be able to work independently on either a 1-1 or small group basis be pro-active, enthusiastic, energetic and reliable be flexible to work at short notice as and when the need arises have recent experience in a Teaching Assistant role within an SEN setting be confident in working with secondary age children hold a relevant child care or education qualification at Level 3 or above. First Class Supply are a genuine independent Employment Business that specialises in the education sector, currently celebrating 15 hugely successful years in educational recruitment. We have an unrivalled, fantastic reputation for delivering an exceptional, personal service to our partner schools, teachers and support staff alike. The first to forge real partnerships with schools, we are proud that our company ethos to support our local community in real ways has proved truly beneficial. As part of our commitment to our teachers and support staff we offer free, ongoing CPD courses, as well as ongoing professional support by in-house educational industry professionals. We lead, where others follow.  First Class Supply have forged strong partnerships with schools in Northumberland, North Tyneside, Newcastle, Gateshead, South Tyneside, Sunderland, Durham and Tees Valley.  If you would like to learn more about us and join the largest independent supply teaching agency in the North East visit our website; www.firstclasssupply.co.uk Alternatively, contact us on 0191 251 5566 to speak to one of our friendly team.  Applicants will attend a face-to-face interview, be expected to undergo reference checks and an enhanced DBS disclosure (if not currently held).  First Class Supply is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education."	"Whitley Bay "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.4417687	55.0413087
"572"	572	"Welder"	" Are you’re a Lloyd's Registered Welder looking for work? We are recruiting coded Mig Welders for our client in Hebburn for long, and short term MOD Projects. (this is ongoing temporary work) We require experienced Welders, with Marine background, experienced with working on Subs, Carriers and Ships. Candidate’s should hold Lloyd's registered certificates, valid for the period of temporary work required, along with additional industry stamps issued within the last 6 months, please note - proof of certs will be required upon recruitment, along with BPSS checks. Basic day shift: 37 hrs plus 12 hrs shifts. All P.A.Y.E terms. Start Immediately for 1 month probation then to be extended. If interested in this vacancy, please send us your full CV and copies of welding certs etc… Job Type: Full-time, Temporary Contract Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Experience: welding: 3 years (Preferred) tig welding: 1 year (Preferred) "	"South Shields"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"573"	573	"Fabricator Welder"	"  MGF are currently seeking to recruit an experienced Fabricator / Welder to join our depot in Durham.  Working in our busy Workshop, you will be performing skilled fabricating work during the manufacture, modification and repair of heavy steel equipment.  Your main activities include:  Fabricating, welding and manufacturing of all types of MGF Shoring Equipment from instructions and the reading of engineering drawings Performing high quality repairs on heavy duty steel equipment Demonstrate continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times and streamline work processes Observe or monitor objects to determine compliance with prescribed operating or safety standards Visually inspect welding work to determine compliance with standards and current legislation Responsible for cleanliness and housekeeping within your area  The ideal candidate  Two years welding experience, preferably heavy steel including UC, RHS, and CHS Confident in manufacturing from technical drawings in accordance with BS EN 1090 execution class 2 Take full responsibility of individual workload and be able to prioritise Work independantly whilst operating as a team member Be flexible and willing to work on a variety of assignments  In addition to a competitive wage you will also receive;  Full time permanent work Immediate start Usual working hours Monday – Friday (working days) 40 hours guaranteed & opportunity for regular overtime Weekly paid Security of working for a well-established & growing Company Extensive Health and Safety Training Opportunity for advancement  If you are an experienced Fabricator with the required skills, and would like to work for a well-established company we are looking for individuals like you!  MGF is a privately owned, independent Company which has been established for over 35 years. We are a market leader in the design, manufacture, hire and sale of excavation support systems for the civil engineering and building industries.  To apply please submit your CV to Sue McCamley at: hr@mgf.ltd.uk or Sue McCamley at MGF Ltd, Grant House, Lockett Road, Ashton in Makerfield, Wigan, WN4 8DE.   "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"574"	574	"CNC Miller"	"   Working with CNC Milling machinery Programming, setting and editing programs with Heidenhain or Fanuc based programming language Selecting and setting tooling Producing both batch and bespoke products to a high standard Setting datum and running the program. Introduction of new product, program and jig design manufacture. Working from engineering drawings to a very high standard The Person Must be able to programme, set and operate CNC Milling machines Must be able to and have experience of editing programs with Heidenhain or Fanuc based programming language Experience of selecting and setting tooling Ability to produce both batch and bespoke products Must be fully competent in following engineering drawings to a high standard Experience of measuring equipment and ability to inspect work in line with required quality standards   "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£15.76 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"575"	575	"Level 3 Business Administration Apprenticeship"	"Use of software packages such as Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, Excel and the college's EBS enrolment system Liaise with college staff, employers, learners and other external customers Filing, photocopying and scanning Handle routine telephone calls Attendance at team meetings Assist with open evenings and other external events Any other duties relevant to the apprentice role Willing to undertake required duties to meet goals, objectives and deadlines Answering phones and connecting calls to the correct department Taking phone messages and passing them on Requirements and prospects Desired skills Effective speaking and listening communication skills Excellent inter-personal skills Analytical and problem solving skills Attention to detail and a high level of accuracy Effective organisational and time management skills Computer skills Personal qualities Flexible Motivated Respectful Professional and discreet at all times Desired qualifications GCSE or equivalent English, maths and ICT at Grade A-C/9-4 are desirable, however, all applications will be considered Future prospects Full time position for the right candidate Things to consider For more information on the National Minimum Wage for Apprentices please visit https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"South Shields "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"576"	576	"Asbestos Surveyor"	"Our clients are one of the UK's leading multi-disciplinary Environmental consultancies with offices based throughout the UK. As they continue to expand, they are currently looking for an experienced Asbestos Surveyor to join their team in the North East.  Requirements/Qualifications: BOHS P402 (or equivalent)  A minimum of 2 years' experience  Full UK driving licence  Strong work ethic, and the ability to work effectively and intuitively either alone or in a team   In return, they are offering a competitive salary plus package including company pension, health cashback scheme, training & development opportunities and 25 days holiday plus bank holidays."	"Tyne and Wear"	"Permanent"	"£20,000 - £28,000 a year"	-1.566667	54.916667
"577"	577	"Early Years SEN Teaching Assistant / ABA tutor / Early Intervention"	" We are currently looking for TWO Learning and Behaviour Support Assistants to work with our 4 year-old son who has autism and is just starting to say his first words. This is a very exciting time to join the team! This is an unusual and exciting position - you would be supporting and teaching our son at nursery for 3 hours in the morning and also for 3 hours at home in a home-based Learning and Behaviour Support Programme. This programme is paid for with a personal budget that is part of our son’s EHCP, and you would be considered self-employed. You will be an active member of a team implementing ABA sessions (Applied Behaviour Analysis) within a SCERTS framework. Training and ongoing supervision will be provided by our consultant, who is a Board Certified Behaviour Analyst (BCBA). The hourly pay will between £12-13.50 depending on previous experience. You will be working on increasing our son's communication skills, language understanding, play skills, and social skills. This position would be perfect for someone considering speech therapy as a career path. We are looking for somebody who is patient, cheerful, reliable, responsible, and enthusiastic about working with children. You must have great play skills and be willing to be silly! You must have experience working with young children. In addition to the above personality traits, the ideal candidate: Must be able to commit to a one-year termFluent in EnglishMust be 19 years of age or olderWork well in a teamMust have a current DBS checkMust be able to provide 2 references If you are interested in this position, please send your CV and cover letter to our Learning and Behaviour Consultant, Corine van Staalduinen, explaining why you are interested in the position, and why you would be a good fit for our team. Job Type: Part-time Salary: £12.00 to £13.50 /hour "	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	"£12.00 - £13.50 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"578"	578	"Hair by Vasari - Apprenticeship in Hair Professional - Level 2"	"On a daily basis you will be working along-side a senior stylist, assisting them to ensure a smooth running of the salon. Duties include: Working on the reception/ taking bills and booking appointments in person or on the phone Shampooing Keeping the salon clean and tidy Meeting and greeting clients Making teas and coffees Requirements and prospects Desired skills No previous skills are necessary as on the job training will be given.  Personal qualities Professional attitude and manner Friendly and approachable Keen and eager to learn Have a passion for hairdressing Good communication skills Desired qualifications Qualifications required: GCSE Grade A-C in maths and English (or equivalent). Functional skills will be undertaken at College by applicants without this qualification.  Future prospects Possible progression, full time employment.  Things to consider The Apprenticeship National Minimum Wage guide (ANMW): https://www.gov.uk/national-minimum-wage-rates"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"579"	579	"Care Assistant"	" Job Description **Night and Day shifts available** **22/33/44 hours available** We are looking for caring individuals to join our team and look after our residents at our Kirkwood Court Newcastle. No experience required as we will provide a full training programme. If you have a caring nature, enjoy helping people, enthusiastic and flexible in your approach then get in touch with us to hear more. It’s the perfect opportunity to find out more about us, hear our story and learn why we’ve built a reputation for offering the kindest, highest quality Dementia, Nursing, Residential and Specialist care in the UK. Not to mention a safe, warm, comfortable and welcoming environment that’s as uniquely satisfying to our colleagues as it is to our residents. There is excellent career progression opportunities with award winning Learning and Development. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Job Type: Full-time Salary: £7.75 to £8.76 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£7.75 - £8.76 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"580"	580	"Area Relief Court Security Officer"	"  JOB INTRODUCTION We now have an exciting opportunity for a Area Relief Court Security Officer to join the G4S Facilities Management (UK) team on the Ministry of Justice contract in the Newcastle Upon Tyne, North Shields, Gateshead and surrounding areas   ROLE RESPONSIBILITY  Presenting at all times a smart,alert,visible and commanding security presence Conducting shift handover procedures at the start and end of each shift Writing complete and accurate handover and incident reports and taking appropriate action as required on all reports passed to you. Completing searches using hand wand, metal detection arches and x-ray equipment to prevent entry of restricted items Confiscation/seizure of restricted items Working as part of a team to provide conflict resolution assistance where there is potential for conflict Reporting any security events and dealing with emergency situations, including initial alerts and evacuations in accordance with site procedures Greeting, assisting and directing members of the public visiting the premises  THE IDEAL CANDIDATE    QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE  5 year checkable work history Excellent communication including both written and verbal  Full UK Driving Licence and reliable own transport Valid Frontline SIA Licence or Current certificate of completion SIA Frontline training - NOT ESSENTIAL AS TRAINING CAN BE PROVIDED FOR SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES   Priority will be given to those applicants who hold a valid frontline SIA Licence   SKILLS   Reliable,conscientious with an eye for detail Enthusiastic and flexible approach Capable of working independently and as part of a team   We act with INTEGRITY AND RESPECTWe are passionate about SAFETY, SECURITY AND SERVICE EXCELLENCEWe achieve this through INNOVATION AND TEAMWORK    ABOUT THE COMPANY  G4S is the world's leading global, integrated security company specialising in the delivery of security and related services to customers across six continents. We specialise in outsourced business processes and facilities in sectors where security and safety risks are considered a strategic threat. We operate in over 90 countries. We have a truly global business with large established market positions in developed markets and outstanding positions in fast growing emerging markets. G4S has a unique global footprint, employing more than 570,000 people world-wide, and are the largest security solutions provider in the world.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"581"	581	"Building Surveyor"	" A regional consultancy is looking to recruit a Building Surveyor to join their team based in Newcastle. They work in a variety of sectors including, education, commercial, industrial and leisure, working on projects that range in value between £10,000 and £1.5million and are now looking to expand their team to assist with increased workload. The client provides specialist services such as valuations advisory, property investment, asset and facilities management and office agency. Your day to day duties will include: Carrying out, writing up and sending out dilapidations Liaising with management for building audits Contract administration Use of AutoCAD Party wall matters Assisting with feasibility studies Carrying out schedule of conditions To be considered for this role you must have a degree in Building Surveying. They are looking for someone with a minimum of two years’ experience. Ideally you will have MRICS status if not, having the ambition to achieve this. In return the company can offer you the opportunity to work on a range of different projects and give you a great deal of autonomy once you become more familiar with the culture and values of the organisation.You will also be able to develop your skills, become chartered and be rewarded with a competitive salary. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £22,000.00 to £30,000.00 /year Experience: building surveying: 2 years (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£22,000 - £30,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"582"	582	"Support Worker"	" Salary  £8.47 per hour  Contract Type  Permanent position (dependent on funding) Average of 22.1 hours per week worked over a 3 week shift pattern including weekends Female Support Worker Required. Closing date  Friday 24th May 2019 @12 noon. Location  Hexham Ref: ISL042019 Due to new opportunities Natural Ability require additional staff to join our Independent Supported Living team in Northumberland. We are looking for a committed and enthusiastic individual who can provide one to one support to one of our clients to live an independent and safe life. You will be energetic and passionate about supporting and empowering people with learning disabilities to lead fulfilling lives. You will support our clients to access opportunities and pursue their interests outside of their home. You will be motivated, energetic and enjoy being outdoors. Patience, kindness and strong interpersonal skills will be essential. Previous experience, professionalism and commitment to providing the highest standard of care and support are crucial. We also value flexibility, creativity and the ability to have fun and get involved, as a key element of the role is to support our client in their personal hobbies, to access the community and maintain and develop social circles. About Us Natural Ability began as the brainchild of one determined parent and her friend who was acutely aware of the gap in provision for her own son. From there we have grown to provide support via independent supported living services, day services and provide an alternative education provision. We provide bespoke support unique to the individual and believe that everyone regardless of ability has the right to make choices about how they live their lives. Natural Ability aims to: Support the personal development and autonomy of people with learning disabilities. Offer work which is meaningful, productive, dignified and challenging. Develop environmentally sustainable ways of living and working. Ensure that people with disabilities are seen as an important part of the community. About the Job The main responsibilities of the role are: · To support people with learning and other disabilities to live as independently as possible in their own home. · To provide supervision, education and support to people with learning disabilities to undertake personal care, cooking, cleaning and daily living tasks · To promote the independence and personal and skills development of people with disabilities · To promote the inclusion of people with learning disabilities in the community, supporting them to live the life they choose. · To support people with learning disabilities to make choices and to be empowered The main duties are: · To supervise and support daily life for people with disabilities in a respectful and positive way. · To work within a lifelong learning framework · To support their personal care to a high standard · To develop and promote independence · To maintain effective working relationships with other agencies, carers and family of people with learning disabilities · To work to Natural Ability Policies and Procedures · To maintain the safety of people with learning disabilities at home · To promote the health and wellbeing of people with disabilities Benefits of working with Natural Ability: · Competitive pay rates · Mileage allowance · Option to work additional hours · Fully paid induction including training and practical shadow shifts · Support with personal development · Employer contribution pension scheme · 24 hours’ management and on call support Want to know more? Please Click the Apply button to register your interest in this role A job description and application form will be sent to you via indeed email, please complete and return your application forms quoting reference number ISL 04 2019 or call 01434 618149. We are passionate about creating a diverse workforce and welcome applications from under- represented groups. https://www.naturalability.org Job Types: Part-time, Permanent Salary: £8.47 /hour "	"Hexham"	"Part-time, Permanent"	"£8.47 an hour"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"583"	583	"PE and School Sport Apprentice"	" Supporting PE throughout the school Helping to deliver lunchtime clubs Helping to deliver after school clubs Support the preparation of school teams for festivals and competitions Taking small groups of children for activity Support the administration of PE and School sport Support within other curriculum areas if required Maintain sports noticeboard Maintain PE equipment cupboard To work collaboratively with class teachers To undertake training 1 day per week with SFT Sedgefield SSP and complete NVQ work To maintain the professional conduct expected of a member of school staff and adhere to all school policies at all times To undertake the responsibility to safeguard pupils Observe and implement all relevant legislative requirements including Health and Safety at Work Act To undertake other reasonable tasks requested by the Headteacher Ability to present oneself as a role model to pupils in speech, dress, behaviour and attitude Job Type: Apprenticeship Education: GCSE or equivalent (Required)Location: Durham, Durham (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"584"	584	"German Speaking Bob & Lush Champion - Customer Service & Marketing"	" Bob & Lush – superb dog food by subscription Bob & Lush makes sensational quality dog food, with lots of fresh meat and real vegetables. We sell our food direct to customers online through our website. We are a successful company that is growing rapidly and rolling out across Europe. Do you love dogs and enjoy providing excellent customer service? Would you like to help market an amazing food for dogs? If so, we look forward to meeting you. The Job  This is an exceptional opportunity to join a dynamic premium brand. We offer you a competitive salary plus 20% annual bonus opportunity. The role is a mix of customer service, marketing and order fulfilment in a dog friendly office. Support our customers in Switzerland and Germany. Answering client quires by phone and email to ensure that clients receive 100% satisfaction. Take orders from customers over the phone Work with the marketing team on marketing initiatives Get feedback from customers to make sure we always improve What we are looking for You love dogs You are a German speaker You are computer literate You love to talk to customers and to communicate by email You are driven and hard working You are self-motivated and able to work alone as well as part of a team Job Type: Full-time Job Types: Full-time, Part-time "	"Consett"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"585"	585	"SIA EVENT SECURITY"	" Proforce security & events Ltd have are currently recruiting for event SIA licence personnel for music festivals, parades, location shoots, sporting events all over the UK, We are looking for people with good communication skills (this means being able to deal with client and public enquiries with a fluent understanding of the English language) able to deliver the highest standards of customer service with a polite and professional attitude. we are looking for professionals. We have built our reputation on employing quality over quantity and you will be part of a team of likeminded people whose welfare and opinions are respected. All security applicants must be 18+ and have a security license with at least 3 months remaining until renewal. All applicants will be expected to fill in and send back by email our application pack with supporting documents, you will also be expected to send in your job invoices confirming hours worked/event worked etc, we can provide a invoice template for anyone who does not have one and advice on anything else needed Job Type: Part-time Salary: £10.50 /hour Licence: SIA Door Supervisor Licence (Required)"	"Sunderland "	"Part-time"	"£10.50 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"586"	586	"Payroll Administrator"	"Ariston accountants are looking for a dynamic and motivated payroll Administrator duties will include :- Processes company's payroll every pay period. Maintains payroll processing system and records by gathering, calculating, and inputting data. Computes employee take-home pay based on time records, benefits, and taxes. Answers staff questions about wages, deductions, attendance, and time records. Receives and coordinates requests for leave and other absences Handles changes in exemptions, job status, and job titles Adheres to payroll policies and procedures and complies with relevant law. Identifies, investigates, and resolves discrepancies in timesheet and payroll records. Completes payroll reports for record-keeping purposes or managerial review Determines organisation's tax obligations by calculating national and council taxes as well as National Insurance contributions Completes pension reports for compliance purposes or managerial review. Must have relevant experience and have a sound understanding of Payroll systems such as IRIS or SAGE"	"Gateshead"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"587"	587	"Geriatric Medicine – SpR"	" Athona Recruitment is looking for an experienced SpR locum, specialising in Care of the Elderly. The ideal candidate will be available to start as soon as possible for a three month position, following a rota, within an outstanding hospital located in the North East of England.  Requirements include: Full GMC registration, recent experience within the NHS, two current references and the right to work in the UK.  Contact us now for:Excellent hourly rates of pay, with prompt weekly payments. Locum, fixed-term or permanent contracts throughout the UK. Industry-recognised revalidation and appraisal support team. Refer and earn rewards through our unique incentive scheme. Financial contribution to your CPD. Occupational Health and mandatory training support. Fast-track registration.   Athona holds Tier 1 status within the West Midlands Cluster. We’re the first line of supply to eight acute NHS Trusts and can offer our doctors the best locum positions in the region. If you can’t see a position that’s right for you, get in touch with the team today on 01277 217777.  Athona Recruitment provides professional recruitment solutions for Anaesthetics, GPs, Emergency Medicine, Medicine, Psychiatry, Psychology, Psychotherapy, Paediatrics & Neonates and Community Paediatrics, Pathology/Haematology/Microbiology, Nursing, Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Oral & Max, Radiology and Surgery jobs.  Are you based overseas and looking for a new position in the UK? We have a specialised team to help find you your perfect role. Get in touch with the team today.  www.athona.com "	"North East"	"Temporary"	NA	-99.5873816	41.7370229
"588"	588	"Brick layer"	" Our client in South Tyneside is looking to recruit experienced bricklayers for an immediate start This role is on an initial 6-months contract (to be reviewed thereafter) Daily duties: Mix mortar or grout and spread it onto a slab or foundation Lay bricks, blocks, or stones according to plans Read blueprints or drawings to calculate materials needed Construct corners with a corner pole or by building a corner pyramid Ensure that a structure is perfectly vertical and horizontal, using a plumb bob and level Clean and polish surfaces with hand or power tools Layout patterns or foundations using a straightedge Break or cut bricks, stones, or blocks to their appropriate size Clean excess mortar with trowels and other hand tools Fill expansion joints with the appropriate caulking materials Mandatory compliance requirements:  Up to date CV highlighting your experience Proof of ID (birth certificate, work permit, passport, residence permit)  Contactable references (past/present/recent employer/ character reference) covering the past 2 years CSCS card-proof required To apply for this job please send your CV to Paul at LSS or alternatively contact 07710 034 138 / 0191 303 8317 At LSS we offer our candidates the following :  A team with public sector/trades/built environment/construction recruitment experience Access to a wide selection of vacancies across the UK The choice of PAYE or Limited company schemes Weekly payroll service Excellent rates of pay Live Staffing Solutions ( LSS ) is a specialist recruiter of Trades/Built Environment/Construction and related Public Sector Jobs. To view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit our web page: www.L-ss.co.uk Job Type: Full-time Salary: £11.00 to £12.00 /hour Experience: bricklaying: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: CSCS (Construction Skills Certification Scheme) (Preferred)"	"Jarrow "	NA	"£11 - £12 an hour"	-1.4810622	54.9819481
"589"	589	"B2B Sales Lead Generator"	" At Direct Business Solutions we are an energy consultancy with over 25 years of industry experience, based within Doxford International Business Park, Sunderland SR3 3XW. About the role:  Direct Business Solutions are looking to recruit B2B Sales (Business to Business) Lead Generators to join the expanding organisation. We offer development & training throughout your career with uncapped commission. As a B2B Sales Lead Generator you will be sourcing and generating your own client pipeline, understanding their organisation and energy needs, searching the market and advising them on best solution to suit those needs whilst ensuring we always comply with quality and market standards. The B2B Sales Lead Generator will need to be self-motivated, have good time management and have a professional phone manner. Your working day will be fast-paced and intense from start to finish. B2B Sales Lead Generator key responsibilities will include:  Ability to prospect own pipeline of business clients and effectively question a prospect to establish a need and provide the best solution Exceptional organisation skills are essential Having a consultative approach by becoming an expert in the industry and advising, guiding and consulting clients Developing a progressive relationship with clients, from implementation through to maintenance of their contract Excellent rapport, persuasion and negotiation and sales skills Achieving monthly sales revenue and KPI targets B2B Sales Lead Generator Benefits:  Base salary ranging from £18-£25,000 (Per Annum), depending on experience. Uncapped Commission / Benefits Training, development and continued support with genuine opportunities of career progression Free Parking Working hours Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 4:30pm as we value having a work/ life balance! We value what our people do and show this by giving great incentives. Over the past 12 months these have included Xbox’s, 50” Smart TV’s, cash prizes, coffee machines, early finishes and team bonding days. Apply today to join Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £18,000.00 to £25,000.00 /year Experience: Business to Business Sales: 1 year (Preferred) Outbound Sales: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Sunderland"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £25,000 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"590"	590	"DBS188/19 Apprentice Teaching Assistant - Early Years Wallsend Jubilee Primary School"	"Due to an increase in pupil numbers, the Governors of this 2 form entry primary school would like to employ a full time Apprentice to work in our Early Years unit. The successful candidate will be adaptable and understanding and will enjoy interacting with children in the Early Years setting, playing a full role in the duties that are required.  The school has particular strengths one of which is our Early Years Foundation Stage which was specifically complimented in the school’s Ofsted inspection in October 2018, when the school was graded “Good”.  Main Duties of the Post To work under the direct instruction of the teaching/senior staff, usually in early years with the teacher, to support access to learning for pupils and provide general support to the teacher in the management of pupils and the classroom.  Support for Pupils Attend to the pupils’ personal needs and implement related personal programmes including social, health, physical, hygiene, first aid and welfare matters. Supervise and support pupils ensuring their safety and access to learning. Establish good relationships with pupils, acting as a role model, and being aware of, and responding appropriately to, individual needs. Promote the inclusion and acceptance of all pupils. Encourage pupils to interact with others and engage in activities led by the teacher. Encourage pupils to act independently, as appropriate. Work with small groups to support learning and progression Regularly work outdoors in the Early Years area  Support for the Teachers Prepare Early Years area as directed, clear up afterwards and assist with the display of pupils’ work. Be aware of pupil problems/progress/achievements and report to the teacher, as agreed. Undertake pupil record keeping, as requested. Support the teacher in managing pupil behaviour, reporting difficulties, as appropriate. Gather/report information from/to parents/carers, as directed. Provide clerical/admin support e g photocopying, typing, filing, collecting money etc.  Support for the Curriculum Support pupils to understand instructions. Support pupils in respect of local and national learning strategies e g literacy, numeracy, early years, as directed by the teacher. Support pupils in using basic ICT, as directed. Prepare and maintain equipment/resources as directed by the teacher and assist pupils in their use.  Support for the School Be aware of, and comply with, policies and procedures relating to child protection, health, safety and security, confidentiality and data protection, reporting all concerns to an appropriate person. Be aware of and support difference and ensure all pupils have equal access to opportunities to learn and develop. Contribute to the overall ethos/work/aims of the school. Appreciate and support the role of other professionals. Attend relevant meetings, as required. Participate in training and other learning activities and performance development, as required. Assist with the supervision of pupils out of lesson times including before and after school and at lunchtimes. Accompany teaching staff and pupils on visits, trips and out of school activities, as required.  You will also be expected to attend training in Basic Child Protection and possibly in basic first aid also. The successful candidate will need to be resilient, committed and be active for prolonged periods.  Shortlisting/Interview process may include candidate carrying out a practical task in the Early Years area.  Application packs can be obtained by emailing the school office at nicki.willis@northtyneside.gov.uk, by calling into the school or by sending in a large stamped self-addressed envelope (2 large first class stamps are required for a pack to be sent out) to: Wallsend Jubilee Primary School, Mullen Road, Wallsend, NE28 9HA. Completed forms should be returned to the above email address, dropped into school or mailed to arrive promptly by the closing date and time  Please note that it may not be possible to send out application packs during half term week (27-31st May) but they will be sent out as soon as possible afterwards.  Wallsend Jubilee Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. As such an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) disclosure will be sought along with other relevant employment checks deemed appropriate.  This post is term time only over 195 days.  This post is fixed term up to 18 months"	"North Tyneside"	"Temporary, Apprenticeship"	"£6,379 a year"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"591"	591	"Healthcare Legal Secretary"	" Healthcare Legal Secretary. This is an outstanding opportunity for a Healthcare Legal Secretary to join a highly regarded firm that has worked hard on creating a first-rate working culture in one of the top firms in Newcastle City Centre. In this role you can expect your work to be interesting and of a wide variety. In this Healthcare Legal Secretary position, you will be responsible for the fee earners, providing support and organisation. Everyday tasks include; document preparation, managing diaries, re-formatting documents to house styles, tracking changes, liaising with clients, and taking instructions under the supervision of a fee earner. To be considered for this role, you will need to be an experienced legal secretary with litigation experience, ideally within healthcare. You will also need to have exceptional IT typing skills, as you will be expected to provide fast and accurate typed material. Excellent organisational skills are also essential. This is a full-time hours vacancy, with a highly competitive salary and benefits package attached. if you feel this Newcastle based role ticks all the boxes you are looking for then, please apply today. Call Sam Addleman for further information. 0113 254 9296. At G2 Legal we have a wide range of positions open at legal firms around the UK. Visit our website to view them or contact Sam Addleman on 0113 254 9296 to find out more. More information For more information about this role and to apply, please contact Sam Addleman at G2 Legal on 0113 254 9296 or forward an up to date copy of your CV. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£21,000 - £21,500 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"592"	592	"Temp Early Help Practitioner - Children's Services"	" What's involved with this role:An Enhanced DBS is required for this role. An Early Help Practitioner is required to provide direct help to empower families to access a range of support networks within their local communities and those delivered in and through the Community Family Hub with the aim of building resilience and sustained change. The postholder will need to work flexibly to meet the needs of children and families, including some evening and weekend working. Duties to include: Provide direct help and interventions to families that contribute to meaningful positive change. This may include supporting families to make and attend appointments, modelling appropriate actions and behaviours and assisting the necessary day to day activities that enable families to progress and maintain positive outcomes Develop and use a range of approaches to engage and build an effective working relationship with parents and families to enable positive change to take place To work with vulnerable parents to enable them to identify, acknowledge and meet their own and their children’s needs, develop life skills, make and sustain effective change and reduce vulnerability To work using an agreed Early Help Assessment and supporting family plan utilising where required TAF processes, to understand the family’s needs and offer a range of interventions to support sustained change To participate in and adhere to Safeguarding procedure as defined by the Local Children’s Safeguarding Boards Policy and Procedures To work in partnership with children, young people, and their families in contributing to family plans which focus upon strengths and wishes To facilitate targeted group work sessions with children and/or young people in order to address a range of identified issues and improve outcomes To advocate and mediate on behalf of the family, individuals and partner agencies Work with parents and families to develop confidence to engage with services and other support from the statutory, voluntary and the independent sector To plan and deliver innovative support and evidence based intervention packages to children, young people, parents and carers including facilitating parenting programmes to support parents to develop their parenting skills and aspirations Providing opportunities for adults to participate in activities that improve their personal skills, education and employability Enhancing parents’ understanding of their responsibilities for their children’s safety and well-being To ensure that children, young people, their families and carers views are at the centre of the service and promote their participation in all aspects of service delivery Please quote the Job Title & Vacancy Reference No. in your application, or we will be unable to match your CV to the role being applied for. Your address (including post code) and a telephone number so that we can reach you during working hours Your recent UK working experience going back at least 5 years, or full employment history if you have been working for fewer years than this. Your availability to work either immediately, or at short notice. Your Enhanced DBS must be either through us or be accompanied by a subscription to the DBS updating service Qualifications: Level 3 qualification in a relevant children’s services field Evidence of continuous professional development  Knowledge & Skills: Knowledge of the physical, emotional, intellectual and social needs of children and families Problem solving skills – ability to be innovative and find creative solutions to implement change Strategies to build parental self-confidence, capacity and resilience Ability to manage time effectively, prioritise, co-ordinate tasks and meet deadlines Knowledge of Safeguarding Proven verbal and written communication skills Negotiation and mediation skills Effective interpersonal skills including ability to work effectively as part of a team and in partnership with a range of external agencies To be able to demonstrate at all times the requirement to focus on the needs of the child and family The ability to reflect and evaluate to improve working practice  Experience: Recent experience of working and supporting vulnerable children and families in the home and community settings Experience of delivering planned interventions using evidence-based practice leading to improved outcomes Experience of partnership working to achieve desired results Experience of responding effectively to safeguarding issues and concerns Experience of group facilitation Experience of working with a range of professionals, external partner agencies and service providers Integrated multi agency working processes and practices for safeguarding children, young people and vulnerable adults Values and principles underpinning whole family intervention Persistent and proactive approaches in engaging families Understand the nature of effective relationships Establishing and maintaining professional boundaries Understand information sharing, consent and confidentiality Goal planning, monitoring and review processes  Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable: Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Level 4 or higher qualification in Early Years/Childcare/Education/Social Care/Community Engagement or Health Experience of delivering and reporting on outcomes Experience of evidence based parenting interventions and programmes A sound understanding of statutory and voluntary provision for children and families at a local level Ability to demonstrate knowledge and understanding of key policies affecting families and children Experience of working in an outcomes focused environment IT literate – Microsoft packages (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, email) If you would prefer to send a CV straight to us rather than by way of an on-line application, you are very welcome to do so via jobs@tclrec.com but please quote both the job reference and job title exactly as they appear below:Job Ref: Durham 7620110773896 Anticipated Length of Assignment: Unless otherwise stated (we do carry the occasional permanent vacancy) all of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis and can sometimes become permanent. Please do try to resist contacting us with requests for progress updates. We really do read every CV sent to us. All applications will be acknowledged by a human, not a robot, provided the job remains live and provided your CV meets the “Essential Requirements” listed. Please note that we do our level best to take down ads as soon as roles have been filled. We are not in the business of harvesting CVs. Important: We will interpret your application as being permission to submit your CV to this role (with the right to represent you) unless you advise us to the contrary."	"Durham "	"Temporary"	"£9.74 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"593"	593	"Kitchen/ Cafe Lead"	" We are looking for a motivated and hard-working Kitchen Lead to join our team at Thought Foundation, Birtley, Gateshead. Hours of work 30+, including day, evenings and weekends. Must have experience within working in either a busy Kitchen or Front of house, must also have Customer Service and Barista training. The role will include working in all aspects of the Cafe and Gallery, from preparing and making food, to making coffees, providing the best quality service to our customers, general cleaning duties, supervising staff members, ensuring the highest possible food standard, as well as setting up for events, responsible for cashing up, opening up and closing the premises. The successful applicant will: Know their way around a kitchen Be outgoing and keen to engage with customers, as we are a very family based environment - we like to get to know our customers! Be motivated and keen to take on the responsibility Be self-reliant and able to make decisions Be trustworthy Preferably hold a food hygiene certificate Job Type: Full-time Experience: Supervisor: 1 year (Preferred) Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) Catering: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Birtley, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Birtley"	NA	NA	-1.5795659	54.8985648
"594"	594	"Female Personal Assistant (MHU/DP/002/19)"	" Temporary Female Personal Assistant Heaton area Temporary Contract until November 2019 30 hours per week to be worked across 4 days to fit around an existing rolling shift pattern – shifts will be given four weeks in advance. £8.50 per hour Disabled lady (wheelchair user) requires a Female Personal Assistant to assist with some aspects of daily living, including occasional personal care when required, assistance with domestic tasks and support to do social activities. The ideal candidate would be reliable, conscientious and willing to learn. Previous experience of this type of work is not required. Post subject to enhanced DBS check and satisfactory references. This post is exempt under the Equality Act 2010 schedule 9 paragraphs 1 – 4 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Salary: £8.50 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.50 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"595"	595	"Field Care Supervisor"	" Field Care Supervisor - Blyth / Newcastle Eleanor Healthcare have been delivering high quality care for 30 years. We have recently opened and a new office in Blyth and are looking for two experienced Field Care Supervisors to join our team to support our carers in delivering high quality care in our local community. From our offices in Blyth we will be looking for coverage in Morpeth, Cramlington and the surrounding areas, and we will be expanding into the Newcastle area very soon. Given the nature of the work all potential candidates will need a driving licence and access to a vehicle. MAIN DUTIES:  Supervise and motivate the team to meet customer’s care needs Maintain legible and concise records internally and externally To carry out home visits and to monitor, evaluate and review staff performance during visit Providing exceptional customer care; undertaking relevant risk assessments and produce relevant documentation Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements Carry out staff reviews and appraisals within the required timeframes Build a good rapport with customers and staff to ensure high quality service delivery Effectively and confidentially managing data and information Ensuring there are safe working environments for staff, investigating any accidents and complaints using process REQUIREMENTS:  Profound interest in Healthcare Excellent communication skills; listening, verbal and written Ability to plan and organise Ability to work under pressure and within tight deadlines Ability to both effectively lead and be a member of a team Good knowledge of CQC requirements Ability to produce concise, clear and accurate reports Good IT skills DESIRED:  Full UK Driving Licence and vehicle Experience in a similar role WE OFFER:  Competitive salary Opportunities for Promotions Support achieving National Vocational Qualifications (NVQ/QCF) Incentives and Awards To apply, simply submit your Cv or for further information please contact Jared Hill on 0740730092 For further information on our company, please visit: www.eleanorhealthcaregroup.co.uk ELEANOR IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER AND REGULATED BY THE CARE QUALITY COMMISSION (CQC) Job Type: Full-time Salary: £18,500.00 /year Experience: Care: 3 years (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Blyth"	NA	"£18,500 a year"	-1.5018084	55.1241236
"596"	596	"Senior Carer/Team Leader"	" We are now recruiting for a Senior Carer/ Team Leader at Melton House in Melton Park Gosforth. We require Senior Carer to assist in the provision of care and work as part of a team to achieve required standards. You will ensure residents retain their dignity and individuality and be involved in the general activities of the Care Home. We require individuals who have a genuine interest in working within a caring environment. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & QUALIFICATIONS Required:  Genuine interest in working within a caring environment Ability to communicate effectively at all levels Team player Willingness to participate in Vocational Training Programmes Satisfactory DBS Check and check against the ISA List (where applicable) NVQ or equivalent in Health and Social Care level 3 At least 2 years’ experience as a carer working in a Care Home environmentEnsure the highest possible levels of care are maintained by supporting/assisting Residents, when required, with washing, toileting, dressing, undressing, and all other aspects of daily living. Assist Residents in all aspects of their care needs (e.g. physical, emotional and spiritual). Provide attention when needed, whilst ensuring Residents retain their comfort and dignity. Pay particular attention to assisting Residents who have limited mobility or physical / learning difficulties, making the best use of aids provided.Closely monitor Residents who may be confused and / or who have behavioural problems.Assist in the promotion of continence.Assist in the delivery of care for Residents who are dying or who have a progressive illness. Assist with last offices.Observe care planning needs for Residents and complete written daily support records as instructed and in line with the Company’s policies and procedures.Assist in framework of social activities by interacting with Residents and helping them continue with hobbies and activities in the Care Home. Answer Nurse Call system, giving assistance as required. Answer the door and telephone appropriately. Respond accordingly, and pass on messages promptly. Under the supervision and guidance of Senior staff, report on the well-being of Residents Carry out regular checks on Residents at intervals determined by senior Staff Members Make Visitors feel welcome. Provide refreshments/assistance as and when required. Make and change beds, ensuring that rooms are clean and tidy, and commodes are empty, in line with the Care Home’s disposal of waste policy. Ensure the Care Home’s resources are used appropriately Clean up spillages when they occur and report to domestic/housekeeper. Clean and maintain equipment used by Residents / Relatives e.g. wheelchairs, hearing aids, spectacles etc. Ensure the Care Centre is kept clean and tidy, in line with the Company’s attention to detail philosophy. If applicable, care for Residents’ clothing and rooms as named, and ensure that all clothing is recorded and clearly marked. Ensure full privacy and dignity is maintained for the dying and the bereaved, in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Assist Residents who need help during meal times (be aware of swallowing difficulties, dietary requirements etc.). Assist with serving of food / drinks as requested / required. Wash up as requested / required Escort Residents travelling to and from the Care Home e.g. on social outings, hospital visits etc. Practice maximum integrity in all dealings with Residents' personal and financial affairs, and avoid abuse of the privileged relationship that exists with Residents. Participate in Staff and Client meetings as and when required. Maintain professional knowledge and competence. Attend mandatory training days/courses, on or off site, as and when required. Participate in relevant NVQ training to achieve required qualifications. Report immediately to the Home Manager, or Person in Charge, any illness of an infectious nature or accident incurred by a Client, colleague, self or another. Understand, and ensure the implementation of, the Care Home’s Health and Safety policy, and Emergency and Fire procedures. Report to the Home Manager, or the Handyperson, any faulty appliances, damaged furniture, equipment or any potential hazard. Promote safe working practice within the Care Home. Promote and ensure the good reputation of the Care Home. Ensure that all information of confidential nature gained in the course of duty is not divulged to third Parties. Notify the Home Manager, or the Person in Charge, as soon as possible of your inability to report for duty, and also on your return to work from all periods of absence. Ensure the security of the Care Home is maintained at all times. Adhere to all Company policies and procedures within the defined time scales. Ensure all equipment used by you is clean and well maintained. Carry out any other tasks that may be reasonably assigned to you Adhere to the Social Care Codes of Conduct. Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Permanent Experience: caregiver: 2 years (Preferred)Location: Newcastle upon Tyne NE3 (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Contract, Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"597"	597	"Temp Keyworker - Children's Services"	" What's involved with this role:An Enhanced DBS is required for this role. A Keyworker is required to be based in a multi skilled team working with families who have experienced a range of factors, including parental substance misuse, domestic abuse, poor parental mental health, crime and/or anti-social behaviour and worklessness. The postholder will be responsible for a caseload of families who are in need of early help and are facing multiple and complex needs at level 3 on Durham’s continuum of need. The role will carry out proportionate, single whole family assessments, plan and deliver interventions, monitor and review outcomes to enable these families to make significant and sustainable changes that will impact positively upon themselves and their children. They will also provide advice and guidance to Family Workers. Duties to include: Acting as Lead Professional for children, young people and their families in need of early help facing a range of multiple and complex needs Balancing a caseload and ensuring that all assessments, plans, reviews and reports are carried out within One Point Operating Procedures Escalate complex and contentious care management issues so that positive and timely action can be taken to address risk and meet need Co-ordinate the undertaking of proportionate whole family multi agency single assessments in partnership with families and key partner organisations; analyse need and risk within timescales Co construct outcome focused family plans using solution focused, strength based methods, in partnership with children, young people and their families/carers within timescales and empower families to make long term sustained change To participate in and adhere to Safeguarding procedure as defined by the Local Children’s Safeguarding Boards Policy and Procedures Developing and delivering planned interventions with a clear focus on SMART outcomes in order to meet needs and improve outcomes for children, young people, their carers and families who are in need of support Chairing Team around the Family meetings and coordinate a single multi agency responses to families’ needs Work with the family and agencies to agree shared ownership, responsibilities, and the sequencing co – ordination of the support available to deliver time limited objectives The co-ordination of evidence based parenting programmes and interventions Direct work with children and young people and to understand what life is like for them Provision of support and co – ordination of interventions to intervene to address issues such as domestic abuse, substance misuse and parenting support to mothers, fathers, children and young people Work with parents and families to develop confidence to engage with services and other support from the statutory, voluntary and the independent sector Making and maintaining high quality and appropriate professional relationships with children and their families that enable positive change to take place Working with parents to enable them to identify, acknowledge and meet their own and their children’s needs, develop life skills, make and sustain effective change and reduce vulnerability Develop a range of approaches to engage and build an effective working relationships with parents and families Enhancing parents’ understanding of their responsibilities for their children’s safety and well- being Participation in service developments designed to maximise children and young people’s engagement, promote the quality of services and improve outcomes for children and young people Working flexibly to meet the needs of children and their families which may include the need for some weekend working Please quote the Job Title & Vacancy Reference No. in your application, or we will be unable to match your CV to the role being applied for. Your address (including post code) and a telephone number so that we can reach you during working hours Your recent UK working experience going back at least 5 years, or full employment history if you have been working for fewer years than this. Your availability to work either immediately, or at short notice. Your Enhanced DBS must be either through us or be accompanied by a subscription to the DBS updating service Qualifications: Professional qualification in a relevant field such as Health, Social Care, Education, Housing etc. (BA Hons SW, Degree in social work or equivalent social work qualification, i.e. CQSW, CSS or Dip SW with GSCC registration, RN or Registered Nurse Learning Disabilities (RNLD), Qualified Teacher Status, or equivalent) OR Degree Qualification in relevant subject  Knowledge & Skills: Knowledge and understanding of early intervention and prevention, the Think family agenda and of safeguarding issues Up to date knowledge of either relevant Children’s legislation, regulations and guidance, particularly in relation to services for children in need of early interventions or of legislation and practice relating to adults e.g. community care act, safeguarding adults, mental health act, mental capacity act Knowledge of a wide range of services and resources provided in the statutory, voluntary and independent sectors Ability to engage and develop effective working relationships with adults, children and young people; and other practitioners Inter-personal skills – able to work in an assertive but supportive manner and to work effectively as part of a team and in partnership with a wide range of external agencies Ability to work to deadlines and set and deliver targets Ability to undertake comprehensive needs and risk assessment; develop and implement effective care plans with service users Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing Ability to analyse and evaluate information Negotiation and mediation skills To be able to demonstrate at all times the requirement to focus on the needs of the child and family The ability to reflect and evaluate to improve working practice Information Technology skills Able to work well under pressure and on own initiative, whilst accepting delegated responsibility  Experience: Recent and substantial experience of direct work with families in the community who have complex needs and who access support or safeguarding arrangements Experience of acting as a Lead Professional coordinating and delivering on specific plans Experience of delivering planned interventions using evidence-based practice leading to improved outcomes Experience of partnership working to achieve desired results Experience of responding effectively to safeguarding issues and concerns Experience of working with a range of professionals, external partner agencies and service providers Integrated multi agency working processes and practices for safeguarding children, young people and vulnerable adults Understand information sharing, consent and confidentiality Understand a range of evidence based programmes and interventions, and to put theory into practice Father inclusive practice Innovative and find creative solutions to implement change Work to own initiative, to organise workload, prioritise, achieve deadlines and work under pressure  Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable: Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for A staff development qualification e.g. an NVQ assessor, Practice Teaching, Coaching, Mentoring, Cert. Ed etc. Post qualifying training relevant to a particular specialism (e.g. Post Qualification Award (PQ1), Post Registration Development qualification or equivalent) in substance misuse, domestic abuse, disability, parenting Experience of coaching or mentoring staff Experience of solution focused, strength based, motivational methods of assessment and intervention Experience of working in an integrated team If you would prefer to send a CV straight to us rather than by way of an on-line application, you are very welcome to do so via jobs@tclrec.com but please quote both the job reference and job title exactly as they appear below:Job Ref: Durham 7620110773189 Anticipated Length of Assignment: Unless otherwise stated (we do carry the occasional permanent vacancy) all of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis and can sometimes become permanent. Please do try to resist contacting us with requests for progress updates. We really do read every CV sent to us. All applications will be acknowledged by a human, not a robot, provided the job remains live and provided your CV meets the “Essential Requirements” listed. Please note that we do our level best to take down ads as soon as roles have been filled. We are not in the business of harvesting CVs. Important: We will interpret your application as being permission to submit your CV to this role (with the right to represent you) unless you advise us to the contrary."	"Durham "	"Temporary"	"£9.74 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"598"	598	"Sales Representative"	"Selling a new range of Greeting Cards into retail outlets, finding new customers and replenishing stock of existing customers. No experience necessary as full training will be given, however the position would be more suited to someone with a friendly and outgoing personality. Must have clean driving licence."	"Tyne and Wear"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.566667	54.916667
"599"	599	"Home Care Coordinator"	" SureCare Newcastle & North Tyneside is a family run business that provides Domiciliary / Home Care services to adults with various needs throughout Newcastle, North Tyneside & Northumberland. We are currently recruiting a self-motivated, caring, and organised Care Coordinator to join our growing office. We understand that our staff are our greatest asset and that’s why we value every member of our team. Our Aim is to provide exceptional quality of care and support to individuals, to not only remain independent in their own homes, but to also exercise choice and control over all aspects of their care. To achieve this aim, we are looking for those who can demonstrate a commitment to outstanding levels of care, with the chance to progress their career as we plan to expand our reach. As a Care Coordinator, you will play a fundamental part in managing the daily communications of our office and assisting the registered manager in all aspects of care. You must be extremely personable as you will be liaising with the entire office team ensuring both service user and care worker needs are met. A candidate would require excellent problem solving skills to aid them in the ability to produce and maintain rotas including sickness & holidays. This role will progress and become extremely fast paced and requires someone truly dedicated and able to remain positive and professional when working under pressure. Skills & Capabilities (Desired) Organisational skills including scheduling staff rota’s effectively, supervising staff and providing professional support Flexible & sensitive to the needs of others An active team player but also able to work on own initiative A very good communicator both verbally and in writing Recognise problems and formulate solutions Assessment and gathering information skills Capable of accepting responsibility and coping with emergencies Ability to implement and review care plans and work with complex cases Very good IT Skills to use internal software systems, along with Microsoft and ability to produce reports. Level 2/3 in Health & Social Care or equivalent Care Coordinator Experience (Over 2 years) Full UK driving licence with own car What We Offer:  Competitive pay £17,000 - £21,000 (Depends on Applicant) On Call & Millage Payment 28 days holiday (Inc. bank holidays) Pension Scheme On-going Support & Carer progression A Fantastic Family Culture To us, it’s all about the team, and we pride ourselves in supporting each other to provide the best level of care we can and to develop ourselves along the way. Become part of our team by applying today! For more information or to apply call 0191 691 1044. Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Permanent Salary: £17,000.00 to £21,000.00 /year Experience: Home Care Coordinator: 3 years (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Annualised hours Work from home "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract, Permanent"	"£17,000 - £21,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"600"	600	"Accounts Semi Senior"	" Clark Wood is a specialist Recruitment Consultancy operating throughout the United Kingdom within the Public Practice Accountancy & Tax sectors. Our core client base consists of Accountancy Practices ranging from Big 4, Top 10 & Mid-Tier firms through to independent regional firms and sole traders. Business Services Semi Senior Newcastle Highly Competitive Salary Are you an Accounts / Business Services Semi Senior looking to take the next step in your career and work with an established and highly reputable firm in Kent? If so, this could be the ideal role for you… Public Practice recruitment specialists Clark Wood are currently working with a leading and nationally regarded firm of chartered accountants who are looking to recruit a Business Services Semi Senior to join their team in Newcastle The role will predominantly involve preparing draft statutory accounts for limited companies, sole traders, and partnerships from a range of sectors as well as undertaking tax compliance, bookkeeping and VAT work. The ideal candidate will be AAT Qualified or may have begun studying towards the ACA / ACCA Qualification and will have experience of undertaking an accounts focused position within a practice environment. This is an excellent opportunity for the successful individual to join a highly reputable and growing firm where there will be scope for further career development. Duties and Responsibilities: Preparation of statutory and management accounts for sole traders, limited companies and partnerships Preparation of corporate and personal tax computations and returns Undertaking bookkeeping and VAT work for clients Assisting in the training of junior members of staff Skills: AAT Qualified or ACA / ACCA Part Qualified Experience of working in practice is essential Excellent interpersonal skills and communication skills - written and verbal For further information on this role please contact Jack Wyatt at Clark Wood - jwyatt@clark-wood.co.uk / 01173 291056 If this specific vacancy is not quite what you are looking for please contact us to investigate alternatives; you can send your CV to this job or contact us directly. Refer a friend or colleague to us and receive a minimum of £200 in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £22,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"601"	601	"Blackwell Plant Fitter"	" Job Description Job Summary We are looking for a skilled fitter to maintain and repair mobile plant machinery on Fieldhouse Farm surface mine with a contract duration of around two years. You will be responsible for ensuring functionality and reliability of machines, engines and mechanical systems. We require excellent fitters who must be conversant with various types of earthmoving plant, have a great attention to detail and follow all safety precautions and Company requirements. Responsibilities and Duties Conduct servicing and repairs aiming for maximum machine reliability and a high standard of plant maintenance that meets our customers’ needs in regard to safety Inspecting machines, engines, transmissions etc. and running diagnostic tests to discover functionality issues Perform thorough maintenance on machinery, equipment and systems Dismantling and assembling machines or mechanical components according to requirements Troubleshoot reported problems and resolve them in a timely manner Provide consultation on correct maintenance and preventive measures to machine operators Undertake other duties as assigned (e.g. repair of electrical systems, air conditioning etc.) Keep logs of work and report on issues Qualifications and Skills Proven experience as a construction/mining plant fitter Excellent knowledge of engine, transmission, hydraulic, electrical and other systems and their components Good understanding of correct application and operation of mobile plant Aptitude in using various hand tools and precision measurement tools (e.g. calipers) Ability to follow established procedures and practices and read instructions, diagrams etc. A strong commitment to all health and safety guidelines Computer literate Very good communication skills A problem-solving ability Very good physical strength and stamina An engineering qualification (NVQ/C&G) or completion of apprenticeship is expected OEM training/experience is a definite plus Job Type: Contract Job Type: Full-time "	"Houghton le Spring"	NA	NA	-1.4699279	54.8406536
"602"	602	"Support Worker"	"Health Care Assistant  South Shields  Are you looking for a change? Want a new job that is proactive and interesting?  Sugarman are currently seeking Health Care Assistant to provide essential care and support to a service user with complex health needs in the South Shields area.  We are looking for someone who can be flexible in working over 7 days.  Care experience is valuable but not essential, as a positive and active attitude is the most important requirement for this role. Theory and practical training will be provided to ensure you have the correct skills to support this individual. This will give you the opportunity to learn new skills, develop your career and experience exciting things.  Pay Rate – Nights £8.21ph  Days £11ph The shift patterns are: Part time 14 hours per week including 6 hours over the weekend and 2 nights per week Benefits of the Health Care Assistant role: Enhancing our Service Users quality of life Guaranteed contracted hours Weekly Pay Monthly rota Holiday, Mat/Pat Leave and Sick Pay Free Mandatory and Clinical training Requirements of the Health Care Assistant role: Have a positive and solution-oriented attitude Be passionate, caring and empathetic Respectful and maintain professional boundaries Flexible, punctual, resourceful and professional Who will go above and beyond for the Service User and staff involved in the package Who will respect his beliefs and values To apply for this Health Care Assistant role you will need: A positive and motivating attitude To be honest, reliable and trustworthy The enthusiasm to learn and experience new things To carry out person-centred care A full, clean UK driving license The right to live and work in the UK A clean DBS  Cordant Group is an equal opportunities employer"	"South Shields"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"603"	603	"SEN Teaching Assistants (Behavioural)"	" 123Teachers are currently looking to recruit several qualified SEN Teaching Assistants who can work full time with behaviourally challenging students across two behavioural schools in Sunderland. Acting under instruction from the Teacher, you will be working in groups and one to one with pupils from Key Stage 2 to Key Stage 4 who exhibit challenging behavioural needs. Please note that due to the nature of the roles and the students support needs, the successful candidate MUST possess:  A minimum qualification of Cache Level 2 Teaching/Learning Support Assistant Proof of eligibility to work in the UK A caring, patient and understanding nature Experience of working within an SEND environment as a Teaching Assistant or higher Your duties will include:  Helping to plan lessons and prepare resources Assisting with the learning and development of pupils who have behavioural support needs Recording pupil progress and monitoring pupils both inside and outside of classroom De-escalation/restraint training such as Team Teach, Mapa or Nappi is desirable, but not essential. Benefits include:  Pension contributions, paid weekly, excellent rates of pay (rate of pay is dependent upon level of experience and qualification level). If you are interested in these roles, please click ‘Apply Now’ or call us 01325 734838. 123Teachers is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Permanent Salary: £55.00 to £70.00 /day Experience: Teaching Assistant: 1 year (Preferred) SEN Teaching Assistant: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: Driving License (Preferred) Restraint/De-escalation training (Preferred) "	"Sunderland"	"Temporary, Permanent"	"£55 - £70 a day"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"604"	604	"Groundworker"	" CSCS Groundworker’s required for an early June start in Newcastle/Northumberland to work on domestic and commercial development projects. The successful applicant will be a CSCS qualified Groundworker with experience working on busy sites. You will have proven reliability and work to a high standards. Your duties will include digging out shallow and deep drainage, pipelaying, kerbing and flagging. You must have your own PPE and be able to read site plans efficiently, applicants must be able to follow instructions and execute work accordingly using your own initiative and experience to complete the job in hand. This is an excellent opportunity for experienced Groundworkers looking to secure work with a very established local contractor. Requirements; Valid CSCS Card Previous groundworks experience Provide two ‘good’ references recent groundwork assignments Manual Handling Basic hand tools, desirable HSG47 certificate Transport is essential due to some rural site locations You must be willing to provide at least 2 work related references and will be required to come in to our offices register with us. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £12.00 to £15.00 /hour Experience: Groundwork: 1 year (Required)Licence: CSCS (Construction Skills Certification Scheme) (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£12 - £15 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"605"	605	"Labourer with Counterbalance"	" We are currently looking for a labourer with a counterbalance to start work Monday 28th May. Will mainly be doing labouring duties and jumping on FLT as and when. The contract could be up to 11 weeks. Please call Caval on 01132031241 Job Type: Temporary "	"Sunderland "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"606"	606	"Telescopic Forklift Driver"	" We are looking for an experienced Telescopic Forklift Driver to start on a new build housing site in Bedlington. Candidates must have a valid CPCS or NPORS card with a full UK driving licence. If available, please apply or call the office on 0191 337 1567 Job Type: Temporary Licence: CPCS (Required) Driving License (Required) npors (Required) "	"Bedlington"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5980826	55.1323903
"607"	607	"Apprentice Hairdresser"	" Jo Bullerwell Hair Salon are looking for a hard working, enthusiastic and friendly apprentice to join our busy Jesmond based salon. As an apprentice you will help assist all stylist's and keep the salon clean and tidy. You will work full time and receive excellent in salon training with our fully trained team along side our college provider Habit to gain a NVQ level 2 with the opportunity to further your training to NVQ level 3. Please note, this is an apprenticeship position and, as such, will observe the national apprenticeship wage laws. Job Type: Full-time "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"608"	608	"Care Assistant"	" GAINFORD CARE HOMES JOB TITLE: CARE ASSISTANT ACCOUNTABLE TO: HOME MANAGER RESPONSIBLE TO: Nurse in Charge of Duty Job Summary The post holder works to provide a supporting service to the Nurse in Charge. Duties are described within the following helping roles of support assistant. Maintaining a safe and homely environment for patients by housekeeping duties in the care areas and prevention of cross-infection. Receiving and giving of information. Working with and lending support to the qualified nurse carrying out planned care for individual patients. CARE RESPONSIBILITIES Personal and Social Care. Participating in the preparation for the informal reception of thepatient/resident at the time of admission. Attending to the needs of carers/relatives of patients/residents and courteous reception of visitors in the Home.Protecting patients/residents who are frail, unsteady when walking, disabled by poor vision or confusion from all types of accidents wherever possible.Assisting patients/residents in the care of their personnel clothing and other possessions/valuables in accordance with the Home policies/procedures.Knowing personal role at first aid level in resuscitation procedure.Receiving and acting upon the instruction of the Nurse in Charge that may be spoken and/or written in the patients/residents care plan, or occur during work activities.Reporting to the Carer responsible for making the patient/residents care plan or the Nurse-in-charge at the time. information received from the patient/resident, family, friends etc., that seem important. * any change noted in the patients usual condition.* Information important to the patients comfort or emotional well being* The patients/residents response to care given.* Falls or other accidents** Maintaining confidentiality of information gained about patients/residents, discussing private information only with those responsible for their care.* Be consistent and warm in manner encouraging patients/residents to talk socially when they feel ready to do so, valuing the potential of the conversation.* Become involved in social and occupational activities with patients/residents as appropriate.* Support patients during escort duties, explaining routines and maintaining a positive approach.* Assist the patients who need help with personal hygiene, dressing and undressing activities. Care of the skin, nails, hair * care of the mouth, teeth or dentures* protection of the skin* provide general comport* storage of clothing and preparation for laundering** Help patients/residents who are confined to bed by appropriate means, comfort and safety.* Assist individuals who have continence problems understanding use of incontinence management and resources.* Disposal of waste products and cleaning wipes appropriately and safely.* Assisting in completing last office procedure with a qualified nurse.* Participate in personal care of patients/residents with due regard for acceptability to the patient/resident, preventing embarrassment, maintaining dignity, complying with established policies. HOUSEKEEPING1. Observing and prompting comfortable heating and tolerable noise levels within the Home.2. Service meals to patients/residents. * assisting with help or feeding * assisting with choice when required * record fluids taken when appropriate or directed * comply with special diets, report appetite and intake * prepare food and drinks as required3. Maintain recommendations/procedures for food hygiene and food handling.4. Having detailed understanding of fire hazards, sitting of appliances routine to be followed in the event of fire and evacuation process.5. Assisting with tidiness in clinical areas, removal of used items of equipment, correct disposal of waste, soiled linen.6. Assist Nurse in Charge or nominated Deputy in technical activities as required.7 Preparing the personal space areas for patients/relatives before admission /after discharge, cleaning the beds etc.; and other items of equipment.8. Replenishing patients/residents areas with towels, soap etc.; and identifying the need to replenish clinical stocks where holding levels are required. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES1. Ensure medications are administered as per policy. All relevant documentation must be complete.2. Participate/attend meetings, educational sessions, receive regular supervision from Officer in Charge.3. Promote effective communication both within and outside the Home environment.4. Participate in flexible duty patterns that promote effective 24 hour care of patients/residents.This job description may be altered subject to the needs of the service we are required to provide and is not exhaustive. SIGNATURE OF HOME MANAGER DATE.......................................................... ............................................* Our Ref P013** ...................................................... ………………………………………… SIGNATURE OF JOB HOLDER DATE ******* 4. Dealing promptly with telephone enquires and messages, communicating effectively with other members of the team. 3. Assisting as necessary with written documentation associated with any aspect of patients/residents care-as supervised by Nurse in Charge. 2. Noting, reporting and documenting damaged furnishings, conditioning of equipment, baths, showers or other appliances. 1. Listing patients/residents property on arrival or departure. CLERICAL/ADMINISTRATION ***** * Job Type: Full-time Salary: £0.00 to £8.21 /hour Location: Birtley, Tyne and Wear (Required)"	"Birtley"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5795659	54.8985648
"609"	609	"Personal Injury Fee Earner"	" Personal Injury Fee Earner. If moving to an award-winning, Legal 500 firm in the centre of Newcastle feels like the change you have been waiting for, then this could be the perfect role for you. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Personal Injury Fee Earner to join one of the largest North East firms in their defendant fast track team. This is an expanding firm and opportunities to progress from within are realistic. You will also benefit from working with well-respected senior partners, learning from some of the best in the business. In this defendant Personal Injury Fee Earner role, you will be working in a small, closely knit personal injury team. The team handles road traffic cases up to Multi-Track level, with the majority of your caseload being Fast Track or Small Claims. Work is consistent and in high volume thanks to a longstanding portfolio of insurance clients. To be considered for this position, you will need to have experience handling high volume Fast Track RTA cases and a litigated caseload. This role is open to qualified Solicitors, Legal Executives, or Paralegals with vast amounts of experience. A highly competitive salary and benefits package is attached to this role. If this defendant Personal Injury Fee Earner role based in Newcastle is of interest, and you feel you have all the necessary skills, then please apply today. Call Sam Addleman for further information. 0113 254 9296. We are constantly recruiting for positions like Personal Injury Fee Earner. Visit our website to see them or call 0113 254 9296 and talk to Sam Addleman to register with us. More information For more information about this role and to apply, please contact Sam Addleman at G2 Legal on 0113 254 9296 or forward an up to date copy of your CV. "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£20,000 - £35,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"610"	610	"Full Time Carer Days/Night"	" JOB TITLE: CARE ASSISTANT ACCOUNTABLE TO: HOME MANAGER RESPONSIBLE TO: Nurse/Senior in Charge of Duty Job Summary The post holder works to provide a supporting service to the Nurse in Charge. Duties are described within the following helping roles of support assistant. Maintaining a safe and homely environment for patients by housekeeping duties in the care areas and prevention of cross-infection. Receiving and giving of information. Working with and lending support to the qualified nurse carrying out planned care for individual patients. CARE RESPONSIBILITIES Personal and Social Care. Participating in the preparation for the informal reception of thepatient/resident at the time of admission. Attending to the needs of carers/relatives of patients/residents and courteous reception of visitors in the Home. Protecting patients/residents who are frail, unsteady when walking, disabled by poor vision or confusion from all types of accidents wherever possible. Assisting patients/residents in the care of their personnel clothing and other possessions/valuables in accordance with the Home policies/procedures. Knowing personal role at first aid level in resuscitation procedure. Receiving and acting upon the instruction of the Nurse in Charge that may be spoken and/or written in the patients/residents care plan, or occur during work activities. Reporting to the Carer responsible for making the patient/residents care plan or the Nurse-in-charge at the time. information received from the patient/resident, family, friends etc., that seem important. * any change noted in the patients usual condition.* Information important to the patients comfort or emotional well being* The patients/residents response to care given.* Falls or other accidents** Maintaining confidentiality of information gained about patients/residents, discussing private information only with those responsible for their care.* Be consistent and warm in manner encouraging patients/residents to talk socially when they feel ready to do so, valuing the potential of the conversation.* Become involved in social and occupational activities with patients/residents as appropriate.* Support patients during escort duties, explaining routines and maintaining a positive approach.* Assist the patients who need help with personal hygiene, dressing and undressing activities. Care of the skin, nails, hair * care of the mouth, teeth or dentures* protection of the skin* provide general comport* storage of clothing and preparation for laundering** Help patients/residents who are confined to bed by appropriate means, comfort and safety.* Assist individuals who have continence problems understanding use of incontinence management and resources.* Disposal of waste products and cleaning wipes appropriately and safely.* Assisting in completing last office procedure with a qualified nurse.* Participate in personal care of patients/residents with due regard for acceptability to the patient/resident, preventing embarrassment, maintaining dignity, complying with established policies.HOUSEKEEPING1. Observing and prompting comfortable heating and tolerable noise levels within the Home.2. Service meals to patients/residents. * assisting with help or feeding * assisting with choice when required * record fluids taken when appropriate or directed * comply with special diets, report appetite and intake * prepare food and drinks as required3. Maintain recommendations/procedures for food hygiene and food handling.4. Having detailed understanding of fire hazards, sitting of appliances routine to be followed in the event of fire and evacuation process.5. Assisting with tidiness in clinical areas, removal of used items of equipment, correct disposal of waste, soiled linen.6. Assist Nurse in Charge or nominated Deputy in technical activities as required.7 Preparing the personal space areas for patients/relatives before admission /after discharge, cleaning the beds etc.; and other items of equipment.8. Replenishing patients/residents areas with towels, soap etc.; and identifying the need to replenish clinical stocks where holding levels are required. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES1. Ensure medications are administered as per policy. All relevant documentation must be complete.2. Participate/attend meetings, educational sessions, receive regular supervision from Officer in Charge.3. Promote effective communication both within and outside the Home environment.4. Participate in flexible duty patterns that promote effective 24 hour care This job description may be altered subject to the needs of the service we are required to provide and is not exhaustive. of residents. 4. Dealing promptly with telephone enquires and messages, communicating effectively with other members of the team. 3. Assisting as necessary with written documentation associated with any aspect of patients/residents care-as supervised by Nurse in Charge. 2. Noting, reporting and documenting damaged furnishings, conditioning of equipment, baths, showers or other appliances. 1. Listing patients/residents property on arrival or departure. CLERICAL/ADMINISTRATION Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: Health & Social Care or Care Certificate: 2 years (Preferred)Location: Chester-le-Street, Durham (Preferred)Licence: Driving License (Preferred)"	"Chester-le-Street"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"611"	611	"Casual Housekeeping Domestic Assistant"	" Job Description Housekeeping Assistants work in a team cleaning and servicing study bedrooms, offices and common areas of Hatfield College and University College (Durham Castle) for students and commercial customers. Working as part of the Housekeeping Team you will be responsible for cleaning and housekeeping services for both student and guest accommodation and conference meeting rooms; ensuring agreed standards are maintained, with particular reference to student and customer comfort and satisfaction. Requirements TRAINING REQUIREMENTS may include: DUHSTER Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Manual Handling Dealing with customers (Customer Care) First Aid (Voluntary) Responsibilities MAIN DUTIES (may be subject to minimal local variation): Maintain a safe and secure working environment Maintain personal health and hygiene Carry out procedures in the event of a fire Maintain a safe and secure environment for customers, staff and visitors Develop and maintain positive working relationships with customers Present positive personal image to customers and balance needs of customer and organisation Respond to feelings expressed by the customer Adapt methods of communications to meet customer needs Create and maintain effective working relationships Establish and maintain working relationships with other members of staff Handle and store cleaning equipment and materials Service furnished areas Clean interior surfaces, furnishings, fixtures and fittings Clean floors and floor coverings Maintain the internal environment Service toilet and bathroom areas Clean toilet appliances Clean bathroom appliances Replenish customer supplies and accessories Prepare beds and handle linen and bed coverings Strip beds and handle linen and bed coverings Collect and transport clean linen and bed coverings Make beds for customer use Deep clean hard floors and soft floor coverings Deep clean soft floor coverings Other reasonable functions in connection with the work of the College. Person Specification Essential Basic numeracy and literacy Ability to work alone but build positive working relationships and work as part of a team Ability to deal effectively with staff and customers at all levels Ability to follow instructions, written or oral, accurately Commitment to acting with integrity at all times A positive and helpful approach to colleagues and customers reliability and punctuality Willingness to undergo training as required Willingness to work flexibly and to develop new methods of working Ability to work flexible hours as required. Desirable BICS trained First aid trained Previous Cleaning experience Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.70 /hour "	"Durham "	"Temporary"	"£8.70 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"612"	612	"Mobile Care Assistant"	" Mobile Care Assistants required in Hexham and surrounding villages - NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED    What We Offer:   £9.25 per hour paid fortnightly  Business mileage paid at 20p per mile  Flexible hours, full and part time  Permanent and flexible contracts available  Full training provided so no experience required   TRANSPORT IS ESSENTIAL DUE TO LOCATION OF SOME CLIENTS   Contact My Homecare on 0191 378 3778 or apply online. Immediate interview available.  About My Homecare Durham My Homecare are a leading provider of home care in the North East. Rated in the top 20 homecare providers with offices across the UK. We pride ourselves on our professional and caring approach and our ability to support people to the highest standards to ensure their Independence within their homes. We have a very welcoming and caring team of Carers on board and work with a very broad range of clients with very different needs to no two days will be the same. "	"Hexham"	NA	"£9.26 an hour"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"613"	613	"Hair Professional Apprentice"	"Hair by Peter is located in Consett town centre. The hair salon is an established business to welcome existing and new clients to the relaxed salon.  The salon is offering a fantastic opportunity for an apprentice hair stylist to join this friendly salon. Duties will include: Greeting clients to the salon Customer service/reception duties Answering telephone; taking appointments Health and Safety of chemicals/COSHH Assisting the stylist with hairdressing duties Maintaining the general cleanliness of the salon Contributing to effective team work Requirements and prospects Desired skills Ability to work effectively as part of a small team and as well on your own initiative Passionate Creative Flair and ambition Professionalism Confidentiality A flair for hair Punctual Flexible Personal qualities General understanding of the workings of a hair salon Basic knowledge of hair styling High standards of cleanliness Confident Desired qualifications GCSE (or equivalent) grades A*-C/9-4, two of which must be English and maths.  Future prospects To become fully qualified to Level 2 with a prospect to Level 3 Progression within the company Things to consider Please ensure you live within travelling distance of the company.  Pre-interviews at Derwentside College are a mandatory requirement for recruitment and no applications will be considered without completing this process."	"Durham "	"Apprenticeship"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"614"	614	"Evening Cleaner"	"Part Time Commercial Cleaner. 15hrs per week 6.45 - 9.45pm Five days hours to include one weekend day. Experience of commercial cleaning in a restaurant, leisure facility or school. Must be able to self-manage and take direction, be reliable, professional and consistent."	"Stanley"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	114.2159129	22.2143908
"615"	615	"Light Welder Fabricator"	"Must be able to work to a high standard as well as on own initiative while working as a team. Proven experience in manufacturing & fabrication. Wages are to be discussed depends on experience."	"Blaydon-On-Tyne "	"Permanent"	NA	-1.7210501	54.9637822
"616"	616	"Cleaner"	"  Duration:Skills:  We are currently recruiting for a Cleaner to work with our client based in Framwellgate Moor, Durham on a temporary basis for initially one week.  This role will be working Monday – Friday 9.00am – 5.00pm with the pay rate of £8.21 per hour.  Duties will include: Hoovering rooms. Emptying bins. Mopping floors. Polishing and cleaning surfaces. Cleaning toilets. Dealing with cleaning chemicals. To be considered for this role you must have an in-date, enhanced DBS certificate.  Angel Human Resources is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.   "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"617"	617	"CLEANER"	" We are currently recruiting for a Cleaner to work with our client based in Framwellgate Moor, Durham on a temporary basis for initially one week, with the potential of an on-going, 25 hour per week contract. This role will be working Monday - Friday 9.00am - 5.00pm with the pay rate of £8.21 per hour. Duties will include: Hoovering rooms. Emptying bins. Mopping floors. Polishing and cleaning surfaces. Cleaning toilets. Dealing with cleaning chemicals. An enhanced DBS certificate would be beneficial to be considered for this position. Job Type: Temporary Experience: cleaning: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: DBS Certificate (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"618"	618	"Support Worker"	" Are you Sick of your old job? Would you like to work in a place where every day is different, and you get to try new and exciting things? Come and work with people who have learning disabilities… We are the most successful company in South Tyneside in the last 12 months and our clientele is rapidly expanding. As a result, we are looking for new staff members to join our caring, fun, happy staff teams. You will be supporting service users in newly built properties that have been expertly adapted to meet the needs of the service users, with technology at the forefront of what you do. See what it’s like to work with great people, in a great team and for a great family run company. Duties Include:  Helping design support plans to massively improve the quality of people’s lives. Teaching people new skills to help them become more independent. Supporting people to attend work/college placements. Finding new and exciting things for people to do. Helping people keep in touch with everyone that is important to them, including families and friends. The service user:  J is a 19-year-old happy young man, he has a good sense of humour and loves a joke. J gets on with most people and is very chatty. J is caring and will ask about your wellbeing on a daily basis. J likes to have a busy life style and loves physical exercise. He is part of a local Zumba class and loves to show off his moves at parties. He also enjoys going swimming and to the gym where he will set himself targets. J has a diagnosis of ADHD and moderate to severe learning disability diagnosis. The Ideal Candidate:  We want somebody who is positive, enthusiastic with a great attitude. We want someone who is able to work in a team as J requires 2 to 1 staffing. We want somebody who is resilient and able to cope with behaviours that challenge. We want somebody with common sense who can support J to keep him safe. We want somebody who is willing to be flexible, so J can try new things and live the life he wants to live. We want somebody who can watch out for signs of illness or changes in mood to ensure he is happy, healthy and safe. We want somebody who Is open to learning new skills (Don't worry we will help you learn about the exciting technology we use). We want somebody who can weigh up risks, and support J with his dietary needs. We want somebody who is passionate about making a real difference to the quality of J's life. We would prefer someone with 1 years’ experience as a support worker and an NVQ Level 2 in Health & Social Care. A Portable DBS would be beneficial. Salary: £8.71 per hour Benefits: Career progression opportunities, Full paid training, Chance to make a difference. Hours: 42 hours per week Location: Jarrow If you feel you are the ideal candidate APPLY now as this position won’t last for long. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.33 to £8.71 /hour Experience: Support Worker: 2 years (Preferred)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Jarrow, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Jarrow"	NA	"£8.33 - £8.71 an hour"	-1.4810622	54.9819481
"619"	619	"Home Care Worker"	" Full time Carers Required Bedlington Due to securing the Northumberland County Council preferred provider contract in Blyth. Blyth Valley Disabled Forum is looking to recruit Care Staff for between the hours of 7am till 10pm to help meet our expanding needs. Applications can be made via the details on our contact page or by contacting the office on 01670 360927 or download application form from http://www.bvdfhomecare.co.uk/ HOMECARE WORKER / DOMICILIARY SUPPORTThe Homecare Worker provides personal care to elderly, disabled and other clients who require care in their own homes, so that they may continue to live independently and participate in community life. The care services may include house cleaning, personal hygiene, providing meals, medication and other health and wellness related activities. All services are personalised for each client in the form of a person centred care plan. The Homecare Worker will ensure that all support is provided in a caring and respectful manner, maintaining confidentially and in line with the company’s policies and procedures. A qualification in care is preferable but not essential as full training will be provided for the role.Join our team and receive: Free uniform (2 tunics, trousers, waterproof jacket).Company Mobile and other health and safety equipment.Full training and support.Guaranteed hours’ contract and paid travel timeEnhanced disclosure (cost met by BVDF) http://www.bvdfhomecare.co.uk/ Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.21 /hour Job Types: Full-time, Part-time "	"Bedlington"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 - £9.21 an hour"	-1.5980826	55.1323903
"620"	620	"Early Years Specialist Wanted for Immediate Start"	"We are looking for a passionate Early Years Specialist to work in the day car at one of our Gateshead based primary schools. An exciting opportunity has become available in one of our Gateshead based primary schools. The day care department is looking to recruit an Early Years Specialist. This position will be Long term with the possibility of the role becoming permanent. The school are looking for someone who is confident, ambitious, willing to work long hours and has a strong will to commit.You must have:A qualification in Early Years Experience working in schools, day cares or educational settings (Preferred)  An ability to work confidently with young children, with a professional approach A valid DBS (Can apply if needed) Eligibility to work in the UK Two references  Here at Protocol Education we like to look after our teachers and support staff, giving very competitive rates of pay and ongoing CPD.Over minimum wage at £9.50 an hour Free CPD An experienced personal consultant to help guide you through the entire recruitment process, from planned travel to interview tips A recommend a friend scheme that could earn you £250  If you are interested in this role or any others we have available then please register on our website www.protocol-education.com , alternatively contact Matty on 01912797270 or matthew.anderson@protocol-education.com "	"Gateshead"	NA	"£9.50 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"621"	621	"Experienced Sales Advisor"	"   Darlington  Up to £21,000 + Commission  The Company:  We are currently searching for an experienced Sales Advisor, for our client a highly successful housing developer that has experienced steady growth and has established themselves as a leading name in the Residential market. Their projects are all based in the Darlington area, making this a great opportunity for an individual in the area looking for a local opportunity. We are looking for a passionate individual with a strong track record in delivering exceptional projects on time and on budget.  Role duties:  Escort visitors around the Sales complex and ensure they are fully informed.  Receive telephone enquiries from potential customers and provide appropriate information.  Maintain contact with potential customers through regular updates of promotions.  Maintain regular contact with existing customers on all aspects of the process.  Follow the standard follow-up procedure with customers 21 days after legal completion.  Receive complaints/issues/concerns from customers and ensure that appropriate action is taken to address them.  Liaise with the Sales Manager to understand targets  Close sales by completing the reservation form and taking reservation deposits.  Sell the benefits of, and advise customers to use, the company recommended solicitor and financial advisor  Deal with banks, building societies, solicitors and estate agents in a confident and professional manner in order to progress each sale to exchange of contracts in 6 weeks and then through to legal completion  Be aware of CML inspection dates  Ensure Show home is open accordingly subject to Winter or Summer agreed working hours  Organise the maintenance, cleanliness and presentation of the Sales Information Centre,  Show Home and Landscaping to the highest standard  Ensure signage, including directional signs, is placed and maintained correctly  Ensure that personal presentation is professional and of the highest standard  Endeavour to work in line with Centre of Excellence guidelines  Carry out market research covering a 10 mile radius of the site.  Update and maintain customer records on COINS.  Hold and minute weekly meetings with the Site Manager in order to monitor and progress  To be successful in the role you will possess the following skills and attributes:  CSCS Card  First Aid  Have excellent communication and problem solving skills  Must be computer literate  Applications  If you feel that you have the relevant experience to be successful in this position and would like to find out more please apply online today attaching a copy of your current CV.  Due to the vast amount of applications that we receive, it is not possible for us to contact all applicants; therefore only suitable candidates will be contacted. If you do not hear anything back within 7 days of submitting your application, you have unfortunately not been selected.  Linsco are an Equal Opportunities employer. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence.  Applications  If you feel that you have the relevant experience to be successful in this position and would like to find out more please apply online today attaching a copy of your current CV.  Due to the vast amount of applications that we receive, it is not possible for us to contact all applicants; therefore only suitable candidates will be contacted. If you do not hear anything back within 7 days of submitting your application, you have unfortunately not been selected.  Linsco are an Equal Opportunities employer. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence.  PLEASE READ the Privacy Policy in regards to personal details: http://www.linsco.com/special-pages/privacy-policy  "	"Durham"	"Permanent"	"£21,000 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"622"	622	"Senior Support Worker"	" Principal Duties Ensure that the support team are competent and focused, and are able to fulfil the needs of the people we support Assist the Support Manager to assess the people we support and agree their needs. Produce support plans as needed after the assessment is completed. Adhere to and ensure that all the Association’s policies and procedures are being carried out. Contribute to the induction of new staff, ensuring all standards are met. Contribute to the development of the team and individuals, carrying out regular supervision and identifying training needs. To be part of the recruitment process as required by the Support Manager Contribute at team meetings Provide on call support as part of a rota Act up in the absence of the Support Manager Support the management of efficient use of physical and financial resources, in accordance with the Association’s policies and procedures Contribute to the development, provision and review of Person Centred Support Plans Take appropriate steps to protect and safeguard verbal, written and electronically stored information, within the job holder’s control and ensure that such information is available to (only) authorised users on request. Be responsible for the production (with assistance from Support Manager if required) for the rota ensuring it meets the needs of the people we support. Produce Payroll information for the staff team on a weekly basis Ensure all Health & Safety requirements are met. Carry out any duties set out by Support Manager to enable the smooth running of the service for the people we support. Demonstrate and set high standards of personal and professional behaviour and act as a role model for other staff. Ensure the maintenance of appropriate and positive attitudes and values within the service. Work with a range of client groups and needs as required i.e. children, adults, and older people. Care Promote each person’s physical, emotional and spiritual needs, ensuring that they are met Work closely with the people we support and their families and others involved in their lives. Learn from experience and continually improve your own performance and that of the staff team Ensure each person is able to make informed choices and rights are upheld – promote self advocacy Support each person in their daily activities, according to their preferences; escort and support people with appointments Contribute to the protection of individuals from abuse and ensure all safeguarding procedures are followed as needed. Promote, monitor and maintain health, safety and security of the individual and staff, according to the Association’s procedures and guidelines Provide effective records and reports in an appropriate manner to the relevant persons Personal Development Develop one’s own knowledge and practice by attending statutory/relevant training Continue to develop skills to assist support staff in developing their underpinning knowledge and skills Develop all other areas identified in appraisal Reflect on your work and seek feedback from others Be prepared to act up to a more senior role if needed Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.38 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£9.38 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"623"	623	"Welder"	" WelderWashingtonTemporary - ongoing £8.98 ph Dayshift Our client based in South Tyneside currently have an opportunity for a Welder to join the business on an ongoing temporary basis. Responsible for the manufacture of products for a variety of industries, the role will involve; - Fabricating and welding of mainly mild steel components, varying in sizes.- Interpreting Engineering drawings and plans.- Preparation of welds and the welding area.- Ensuring the work area is kept clean and all H&S requirements are strictly adhered to. We are ideally looking for candidates with the following; - A completed apprenticeship in Welding & Fabrication would be an advantage.- Experience of MIG welding.- Experience of welding a variety of materials, including steel and aluminium.- Ability to work to technical / engineering drawings. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £8.98 to £9.00 /hour Experience: mig: 1 year (Preferred) welding: 1 year (Preferred) Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Washington"	"Temporary"	"£8.98 - £9.00 an hour"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"624"	624	"Counterbalance FLT Driver"	"  Reference 341965 Salary £8.49 - £9.34/hour Job Location - United Kingdom - England - North East England - Tyne and Wear - Blaydon  Job Type Temporary Posted 16 May 2019   My client is looking for a Counterbalance driver on a temp to perm contract. The stock is very high value and the moving space within the stores is limited so previous FLT experience is essential. The role will involve warehouse and paper work duties.  The role is based in Felling, but you will be required to work in Consett for at least 2 week training, and addional day. So a drivign licence is a must.  Shift pattern 1  Pay rate – 9.34 per hour  Hours – 6am – 2pm - Monday to Friday   2 pm - 10pm  Shift pattern 2  Pay rate – 8.49 per hour  Hours – 8 till 5 Monday to Friday  You must also have a refresher within 3 years  Start subject to FLT test and interview.  Must have a valid Licence    Contact information Ashleigh Hood    "	"Blaydon"	"Temporary"	"£8.49 - £9.34 an hour"	-1.7128813	54.9659633
"625"	625	"Biology Tutor"	"The Tutor’s role typically involves offering private tuition to students of all ages both at personal and group level. You will have your own equipment (laptop, tablets) if you are delivering lessons online and arrange your own transport if you are working locally onsite. You have the liberty to charge your own rate per hour of your specialist subject area, and this will be available to the public on our website. The following are some of your key responsibilities; 1. You must understand the British National Curriculum and that of other accredited national examination bodies. 2. You will be responsible for preparing your lesson materials and notes based on item 1 above. 3. You will be responsible for the quality, relevancy and accuracy of the lesson materials produced in item 2 above. 4. For both online and onsite lessons, you will be responsible for booking and confirming students for agreed lessons. This will be done via our appointment portal. 5. You will ensure that you respond promptly to students and users’ enquiries. 6. You must ensure that you attend to all assigned lessons as lateness or absenteeism is seriously frowned at. 7. At all time, you will conduct yourself in a disciplined and professional manner (please refer to our Terms of Usage on Tipping and sexual misconduct). 8. You will keep and protect confidential data of Tutorsfinder you are permitted access to. It is your responsibility to read, understand and adhere to our privacy policy and Terms of Usage (Please refer to the relevant section of our website, www.tutorsfinder.co.uk). It is not compulsory you hold formal teaching qualifications, but you must meet the following criteria; You must be at least at the first year in the University or studying towards higher degrees (Masters and PhD) with solid background in Biology. You must be confident and demonstrate an attitude of continuous learning. You must be comfortable with using basic office applications and other related learning tools. The following soft skills are also essential to carry out the job role effectively; Excellent Communications (speaking, writing and presentation) skills Good Interpersonal Skills Excellent Organization and planning skills Abstract and Pragmatic Problem-solving skills Conflict resolution skills"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"626"	626	"HGV Class 2 Drainage Operative"	"Due to the award of new long-term contracts we are seeking both experienced and inexperienced HGV driver operators to become part of our growing team. You must possess an HGV Class 2 licence or equivalent and will work on various drainage contracts with an experienced operator. Receiving high pressure water jetting and confined space training if required. Good time keeping and enthusiasm essential and must be willing to work overtime as part of the working week. Wage between £23k and £50k including overtime (Please be aware that wages are paid at an hourly rate) Please note only successful applicants will be contacted. If you are looking for a challenging opportunity within a privately-owned drainage specialist company, with two strategically located depots, providing expertise on a 24/7/365 national basis please apply in writing with your current curriculum vitae to our HR Department using the following address; Unit A2 Leigh Trading Estate Norweb Way, Off Butts Street, Leigh WN7 3EQ. Alternatively, please forward your CV and a covering letter via email to vacancies@clearwayds.co.uk"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"627"	627	"Graduate Teaching Assistant"	" Graduate Teaching Assistant (Thinking of a Career in Teaching) The role Vision for Education is seeking a full time Graduate Teaching Assistant to start in September on a long-term placement for a school in the Newcastle Local Authority. This is a great opportunity for those who wish to gain further experience working in the Education Sector and working with young people with complex needs and/or challenging behaviour.  Vision for Education work with a variety of different schools and provisions for students with a range of learning and physical difficulties as well as social, emotional and mental health difficulties.  Requirements To be considered for the Teaching Assistant position, you will: A minimum of 6 weeks experience working in a youth work, summer camp or education environment Be able to work between the hours of 8:30 until 16:30 Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of practitioners who all pull together to inspire in what is a challenging environment Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service. About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company Tes Global. What Vision for Education offer As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply If you are an individual who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle SEND team on 01912291386. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.20 /hour Licence: Driving License (Preferred) DBS Certificate on the Update Service (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£9.20 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"628"	628	"Gas Plumber"	" Gas Plumber Location: North Tyneside, NE12 Pay Rate: £13.43ph Contract: Temporary Start Date: Immediately Hours: TBC Compliance:  CSCS Card, Gas Safety Certificate, Asbestos Awareness Certificate Job Description:  Gas Plumber required immediately for a temporary contract. Candidate must meet all compliance requirements - Proof of all documents is required. To apply, please send in your CV. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £13.40 to £13.43 /hour Experience: plumbing: 3 years (Preferred)Location: Newcastle upon Tyne NE12 (Preferred)Licence: CSCS (Preferred) Driving License (Preferred) Gas Safe Registered (Preferred) City & Guilds (Preferred) Asbestos Awareness (UK Asbestos Training Association ) (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	"£13.40 - £13.43 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"629"	629	"Physics Tutor"	"The Tutor’s role typically involves offering private tuition to students of all ages both at personal and group level. You will have your own equipment (laptop, tablets) if you are delivering lessons online and arrange your own transport if you are working locally onsite. You have the liberty to charge your own rate per hour of your specialist subject area, and this will be available to the public on our website. The following are some of your key responsibilities; 1. You must understand the British National Curriculum and that of other accredited national examination bodies. 2. You will be responsible for preparing your lesson materials and notes based on item 1 above. 3. You will be responsible for the quality, relevancy and accuracy of the lesson materials produced in item 2 above. 4. For both online and onsite lessons, you will be responsible for booking and confirming students for agreed lessons. This will be done via our appointment portal. 5. You will ensure that you respond promptly to students and users’ enquiries. 6. You must ensure that you attend to all assigned lessons as lateness or absenteeism is seriously frowned at. 7. At all time, you will conduct yourself in a disciplined and professional manner (please refer to our Terms of Usage on Tipping and sexual misconduct). 8. You will keep and protect confidential data of Tutorsfinder you are permitted access to. It is your responsibility to read, understand and adhere to our privacy policy and Terms of Usage (Please refer to the relevant section of our website, www.tutorsfinder.co.uk). It is not compulsory you hold formal teaching qualifications, but you must meet the following criteria; You must be at least at the first year in the University or studying towards higher degrees (Masters and PhD) with solid background in Physics or related field. You must be confident and demonstrate an attitude of continuous learning. You must be comfortable with using basic office applications and other related learning tools. The following soft skills are also essential to carry out the job role effectively; Excellent Communications (speaking, writing and presentation) skills Good Interpersonal Skills Excellent Organization and planning skills Abstract and Pragmatic Problem-solving skills Conflict resolution skills"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"630"	630	"Support Worker Part Time 16 Hours"	"2. SUPPORT – Delivery 2.1. Meeting with clients at the beginning and identifying their own support needs and, through consultation and agreement with the client (and where appropriate any other agencies involved with their ongoing support) complete a bespoke support plan to ensure that the identified support needs are being addressed. 2.2. Providing 1-1 support for clients approx. 1.5 hours per week 2.3. Co-ordinating group sessions and arranging client’s attendance at these sessions as appropriate. 2.4. Delivering some group sessions 2.5. Ensure compliance with HORIZONS Safeguarding Policy at all times. 2.6. Organising and providing appropriate support for tenants preparing to move on at the end of their support contract. 2.7. Contribute to the protection of service users from abuse and support them in seeking to improve their life skills. 2.8. Liaise with other housing, health and social care professionals, benefits, welfare and advocacy services, and other landlords as appropriate. 2.9. Advocate for clients as appropriate 2.10. Encouraging clients to accept responsibility for their own actions, be confident in seeking out support and celebrating their own successes. 3. HOUSING MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 3.1. Encourage and support occupants to live as fully and independently as possible within the local community, providing information, emotional, organisational and practical support and training as appropriate. 3.2. Carry out risk assessments as and when necessary due to the changing needs and aspirations of the clients. 3.3. Ensure that clients understand their responsibilities in living in shared accommodation and behave in a way which is consistent with the expectations of the landlord. 3.4. Monitor the provision of housing services (heating, cleaning, provision of furniture etc) where applicable. 3.5. Liaise, consult with and actively support tenants’ meetings encouraging participation in the decision-making processes. 3.6. Report issues of disrepair to the landlord 4. STAFF AND TEAM WORKING 4.1. Work within a team, supporting colleagues and attending team meetings recording and sharing information appropriately and confidentially 4.2. Remain up to date with issues relevant to housing and support, welfare benefits and other relevant legislation 4.3. To undertake all core training required for this post and other training and professional development activities as required 4.4. Undertake other delegated tasks and responsibilities which are commensurate with the role. 4.5. To act within the expectations of the values and ethics of HORIZONS North East. 4.6. To comply at all time with the Companies legal, contractual, and regulatory responsibilities in relation to the above duties."	"Blyth"	"Part-time, Contract"	NA	-1.5018084	55.1241236
"631"	631	"Forward Tipping Dumper"	" Optima Site Solutions currently require a experienced Forward Tipping Dumper driver for work In the Newcastle area. Must have a NPORS/CPCS licence and be able to provide working references. If available for an immediate start please call Luke on 0191 917 4740. Job Type: Contract "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"632"	632	"Casual Mini Bus Driver"	"To drive the Company Mini Bus to various Locations as and when required To Assist Residents on and off the minibus including disabled and wheelchair bound residents Must have a clean driving licence for the last 3 years Test taken after April 1997 must have a D1 classification Must have a caring and compassionate nature"	"Houghton le Spring"	"Part-time, Temporary, Permanent"	NA	-1.4699279	54.8406536
"633"	633	"Supported Living Worker Lvl 2 CQC Admin Med (0 contract)"	" We are now recruiting Healthcare Assistants to work in Newcastle upon Tyne NE15 and surrounding areas. You will be working in Nursing Homes, Residential Homes, Support centers. A full DBS check will be required by the successful candidate 3 -6 months experience . Job role:  To ensure customers are provided with timely, high quality and reliable care and support in their chosen settings. To directly deliver individual personal care to customers in line with their care plan, working alongside them to maximize their independence and social inclusion. Key Duties:  Enabling & Living Skills. You will need to be passionate about care work and being a Support Worker You will need to display natural empathy and compassion for others You will need to be hardworking and be flexible You will need to be reliable and someone who goes the extra mile. You will need to have patience and be able to keep yourself calm Job Type: Part-time Salary: £9.00 to £10.00 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne NE15 (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	"£9 - £10 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"634"	634	"Functional Assessor"	" Are you a registered nurse that is looking for a better work life balance? We have an opportunity for a reliable experience nurse to further their career to become a fully accredited assessor. The position will be based in an assessment centre close to you and will be working 9-5pm Monday- Friday. Full training and certification provided along with an exceptional salary of £38,000, which is also increased in annual salary reviews. The role will be a mixture of assessing around 6 clients a day to establish the impact their disabilities has on their daily life, gathering evidence and compiling medical reports. Excellent benefits A supportive working environment with a company who really want to develop you. NMC/HCPC fee reimbursement and support. 25 days of annual leave plus buy/sell option. up to 10% pension Private medical assurance Real prospects for progression within a supportive organisation. If you are looking for a new challenge that will forward your career, then please apply now or contact Henry Warry for further information. Work Number: 0207 407 1323 Mobile Number: 0779 423 7183 Job Type: Full-time Salary: £37,500.00 to £38,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£37,500 - £38,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"635"	635	"Commercial Project Coordinator - Business/Finance Graduate"	" My client is looking for a Business/Finance Graduate to join as a Commercial Project Coordinator to work as part of an exciting & dynamic team providing essential services, support and added value through their facilities & infrastructure to a number of leading Global Companies. In this role you will be centrally positioned coordinating day to day sales process’s supporting the company’s operations & resources and will be a key link between our client’s and the company. The company offers excellent personnel development opportunities within a great team environment. Responsibilities: You will be responsible for Processing Sales Invoices & administration. You will be part of the Project team supporting and maintaining company services commercially & process compliance. Responsible for coordinating and maintaining company management systems. Responsible for coordinating sales and general enquires from customers. Ensure clients expectations are managed and exceeded. Personal Specification: Business/Finance Graduate Data Input experience. Ability to coordinate. Good IT skills & Excel ability. Good organisational and communication skills. Demonstrate an ability to work in a team as a key member Job Type: Full-time Salary: £19,000.00 /year "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£19,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"636"	636	"Care Assistant (Nights) - The Evergreens"	" Do you have a passion for care? If so we would love to hear from you! Roseberry Care Centres are a provider of Nursing, Residential and Specialist Care. We have 16 homes across the country. We are committed to the well being and contentment of our residents. Evergreens is a dual Register Home for Frail Elderly with 46 rooms all on suite split on to two floors in the village of Forrest hall right next to the Local GP practice. We are a comfortable homely looking home and we provide bespoke care from a little support right through to end of life care. We also can support residents with a secondary diagnosis of dementia if their physical needs out way their psychological care needs. This role is for 33 hours The post holder will assist in the planning, implementation and supervision of care, and work as part of a team to achieve required standards. Residential Care Assistants will ensure Service Users retain their dignity and individuality and will be involved in the general activities of the Care Centre, maintaining a safe and secure environment for service users, staff members, and visitors Job Type: Part-time Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: care assistant: 1 year (Required)Location: Forest Hall (Preferred)"	"Forest Hall"	"Part-time"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5663547	55.02334
"637"	637	"Teaching Assistant (Sport and PE)"	" Vision for Education is working in partnership with a specialist provision in the Sunderland area to appoint an enthusiastic Teaching Assistant to support students with SEMH (Social, Emotional and Mental) difficulties in their Sport and PE lessons. This an excellent opportunity for those wishing to gain further experience in an education environment and those who may have just finished qualifications in this field. The specialist provision to looking to appoint someone as early as June 2019 and will run up until July 2020. You will be working 17.5 hours per week (12.30-4.00pm) Monday to Friday. The successful candidate will be required to work alongside teachers and support staff to provide a wide variety of outdoor/indoor Physical Education. It is desirable that you have experience working in a SEMH environment and/or a Physical Education environment. The ideal candidate will have one, or a number of, the following: Hold a clean/valid driving licence and be comfortable in transporting students in the school minibus Experience working with children and young people with difficulties managing their emotions and behaviours A genuine passion for supporting complex young people in an extremely rewarding role Be able to plan, prepare and deliver a wide range of sport/coaching sessions which reflect the learning outcomes of the students Be Team Teach trained (This is something Vision can provide free of charge) At Vision for Education we take our responsibilities to our practitioners seriously and our aim is to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts. As part of the Vision for Education team, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly through PAYE Support throughout your placements and access to a dedicated SEND consultant 24 hours a day, 7 days a week Access to free CPD such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and Moving and Handling qualifications Full compliance with AWR (Agency Worker Regulations) to make sure you get paid what you deserve £50 reward every time you recommend a colleague Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drink Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. All candidates will be required to complete our safeguarding checks and undergo an enhanced DBS check. Job Type: Part-time "	"Sunderland"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"638"	638	"Supply Chain Administrator"	"  A fantastic opportunity has become available for a Materials Co-ordinator to join our client, based in Stanley, on a permanent basis.  This role will suit a candidate who may also have experience within a Supply Chain department, Procurement or Project Planning/ Administration.  This is a full-time position; standard office hours Monday - Friday. Salary in the region of £18'000.  Duties include but not limited to;  Production/Project planning  Sourcing & purchasing materials  Raising maintenance purchase orders and work orders  Creation and maintenance of stock card information  Manage quality issues relating to material  Manage stock accuracy (through periodic stock taking) and location control (stocking plan).  Develop and monitor continuous improvement projects relating to component supply chain and internal  operations  Liaise with internal departments (Sales, Accounts, Shop-floor) to mitigate any issues and advise of any supply chain issues  Strong administration and computer skills  Additional activities include being involved with operation development projects, communicating with external stakeholders, attending meetings and general office duties (helping answer telephones etc.)  Essential Requirements;  Must be competent on Microsoft Excel (Pivot tables are frequently used within this role) Strong organisational skills Excellent communication; both internal and external and able to transfer information quickly and concise to multiple stakeholders Professional & customer focused drive Analytical; will need to be able to extract key data from in-house system, analyse and develop that data then conclude actions and recommendations Can innovate and develop the role with a strong willingness to learn  Due to the location of the client it would be beneficial if you drive with access to your own vehicle.  To be considered for this role you must be able to register with Office Angels, based in Newcastle centre. This role is to start ASAP following an interview with our client. A notice period may be considered for the right candidate.  If your skills and experience match the above then please send your application today! If you require any further information please call 0191 269 9542 and ask to speak with either Rebecca or Lori.   Office Angels acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Office Angels UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.  By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Office Angels. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information - please copy and paste the following link in to your browser: https://www.office-angels.com/candidate-privacy    Recruiter  Office Angels    Location  England, County Durham, Stanley    Salary  £18000 - £20000 per annum    Posted  15 May 2019    Closes  12 Jun 2019    Ref  MC9519    Contact  Office Angels Durham    Sector  Manufacturing, Office & secretarial, Administration, Project Support, Retail, Buying    Function  Project/Programme Management    Contract Type  Permanent    Hours  Full Time   "	"Stanley"	"Permanent"	"£18,000 - £20,000 a year"	114.2159129	22.2143908
"639"	639	"ERP Lead Consultant"	"    Location: UK Wide (travel required)  Job type: Full Time, Permanent  Hours: 37.5 hour per week Monday to Friday  Salary: Depending on experience - plus Company benefits  Benefits: 25 days annual leave plus bank holidays, profit and performance related bonus, occupational sick scheme, company pension scheme, career progression plan, cycle to work scheme, childcare voucher scheme.   Perfect Image are a leading IT Solutions Provider based at Cobalt Business Park with over 27 years experience delivering expert solutions to a diverse range of clients. We take exceptional pride in our expertise and customer service focus, something which is well represented by our continued growth. In order to continue this growth we are looking for an experienced ERP Consultant to join us as we continue to deliver exceptional service to our diverse range of ERP clients and transition in to Dynamics NAV/Business Central.   This role is ideal for someone who wants to be at the forefront of establishing a new arm of our exceptional ERP team. You will have a major say in developing strategy, training existing and new staff members, developing our go-to-market strategy and being at the forefront of our project delivery.   You will exposed to a broad range of clients, projects and technologies with a strong emphasis on learning and continued professional development including recognised certifications.   JOB SUMMARY  Perfect Image works with clients to define, implement and support IT systems which will help to make them more successful. Our range of offerings cover bespoke web and Windows-based systems, the integration of existing and new systems, intranet, CRM, business intelligence and ERP systems.   The role of the ERP Lead Consultant is pivotal to the success of our clients’ ERP projects and therefore to Perfect Image. You will need to be a motivated, enthusiastic and have experience in supporting and implementing Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central. Ideally this will include migrations from Dynamics GP and Dynamics Nav implementations to Business Central. This should also include experience of the financial and distribution modules.   The role will be primarily responsible for initial pre-sales consultation with the clients, assisting with the creation of sales proposals, presentation and demonstration skills and the management of the resultant project through to a successful implementation.   The ERP Lead Consultant will also be required to help drive the success of the ERP team through strategic involvement and supporting team growth through skills, capability and recruitment.   Duties to include but not limited to…  Engaging with solution architecture team for standardised presales approach.  Requirements gathering, documentation and designing solutions for new and existing client opportunities clients within Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central.  Working with the Sales and Account Management teams to provide accurate estimates for delivery efforts and advise of appropriate licensing for Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central.  Supporting the marketing team through creation of content and other collateral as well as helping to define messaging.  Supporting and attending lead generation activities including vendor sessions, webinars and industry events.  Delivering high quality Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central solutions including customisations and third party products as needed.  Working closely with the PMO team to ensure that projects are delivered on time, within budget and to agreed expectations.  Providing training and mentoring to other ERP personnel as well as those engaged in support services around Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central.  Managing and resolving Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central support incidents as an escalation point or as needed.  Supporting your line manager as a senior team member in advising of performance, capability and progression considerations of ERP personnel as well as helping in the recruitment of new team members.  Engaging with existing vendors to promote Perfect Image's capabilities and understand learning opportunities as well as product direction.  Identifying and supporting relationships with potential new vendors providing complimentary components of Microsoft Dynamics Nav and Business Central solutions.  This is not exhaustive.   JOB REQUIREMENTS  Experience in all aspects of ERP Consultancy, with existing Microsoft Dynamics ERP consultancy experience.  Good level of knowledge and experience with accountancy principles and practices.  Ability to support all elements of Microsoft Dynamics ERP implementations including server and client installs, data migration exercises, system upgrades, troubleshooting issues as they arise, fixing data issues within a SQL environment and report writing.  Experience in or hunger to learn new skills and technologies that compliment Microsoft Dynamics ERP and our clients.  A good level of IT and accounting knowledge and an ability to express this knowledge in terms appropriate to the audience which includes client senior executives, IT managers and end-users.  Ability to building strong relationships with clients, supporting income generation and securing repeat business.  Experience in managing implementation projects would be beneficial.  Ability to think clearly, and to write clear documentation which is sufficiently detailed, unambiguous and complete.  Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines.  Strong presentation skills.  Experience of the ERP core modules including Financials and ideally Distribution.  Strong skills in spoken and written English.  Proven ability to deliver results.  Willingness to travel to client sites UK wide. A full UK driving licence is required.   QUALIFICATIONS  Education to degree level (or equivalent).  PERSONAL PROFILE  Is able to deal positively about ambiguity and complexity. Is positive in seeing a way through client problems and challenges.  Work well under pressure and will go the extra mile to provide excellent client service.  Understand that asking for help and input from others is a strength, not a weakness, so actively involves others.  Concern yourself principally with the development of the business of our clients and our firm.  Look to develop our consulting capability through recruitment, training, mentoring of our people and the development of our methods.  Facilitate cooperation within the consulting team and across the firm.  Start to develop a personal and social relationship with clients.    Department  Business Systems   Contract type  Permanent   Hours  37.5 hour per week Monday to Friday   Salary  Depending on experience - plus company bonus.   Benefits  25 days annual leave plus bank holidays, profit and performance related bonus, occupational sick scheme, company pension scheme, career progression plan, cycle to work scheme, childcare voucher scheme.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"640"	640	"Night Care Assistant"	" Applicants should preferably have experience of the care environment although this is not essential. NVQ qualifications in some instances are essential. Statutory training qualifications would be desirable, applicants must be prepared to undertake training. We are able to provide a selection of appropriate worked based training including NVQ. Applicants must be mindful night work entails domestic duties. All applicants require an enhanced police disclosure, the cost of which will be reimbursed but candidates responsible up to 36 months of employment Hours 10pm to 8am over 7 days 20 hours 2 x 10 hour shift 30 hours 3 x 10 hour shift 40 hours 4 x 10 hour shift Wage up to £9 per hour Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.00 to £9.00 /hour Location: Gateshead NE9 (Preferred)"	"Gateshead "	NA	"£8 - £9 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"641"	641	"Agency Support Worker"	" Have you ever done support work? Do you enjoy helping people? Do you have the time to support someone shopping? Are you looking for a job where you can really make a difference? Would you like to develop your own career and positively impact the lives of others? If you enjoy helping people and want to make a positive difference in their lives this job could be perfect for you! We are looking for fun and passionate people to join our Supported Living team in our independent Supported Living accommodation service for people with a range of disabilities such as learning disabilities, Mental Health, Autism, ex-offenders,young people experiencing homelessness, etc. As well as support with everyday living skills like shopping, cleaning and cooking our staff support people to have fun and make every day the best it can be for each person. Be prepared to work flexibly. This could include working some weekends, waking nights or sleeping if required and bank holidays. The Role:  Providing Person Centred support and prompting independence with all aspects of daily living tasks, accessing the community, physical and mental wellbeing and staying safe. Providing Positive Behavioural Support to clients who display behaviours of concern. Complete records and documentation. Promote and uphold the privacy, dignity, rights, health, and well-being of the individuals Shift patterns will vary and will include lone working. Requirements:  -Experience of supporting customers with learning disabilities and autism -Enhanced DBS Check -3 years of references from previous employment -Right to worK -Up to date CV *Please note, this is Agency shifts only and not a full-time permanent position* In order to come on board with us, please apply by attaching your CV. If you feel you are the kind of Support Worker that will thrive in our family, we would love you to apply. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £9.00 /hour Experience: Support: 1 year (Required)Licence: Admin medication (Required) Moving & Handling (Required) Enhanced DBS (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time, Temporary, Contract"	"£9 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"642"	642	"Production Operator (Laundry) - Weekend Shifts"	"Laundry Assistant Weekends £8.21 per hour Our client, a national commercial laundry company based in North Tyneside are looking for a number of factory based laundry assistants. Job description Working for a large industrial launderette based at the Tyne Tunnel Trading estate Working 6am - 2pm, shifts available Saturdays and Sundays Will include heavy lifting, manual handling and required to work within a flexible working environment Interest, please apply Meridian Business Support is acting on behalf of our Client as a Recruitment Agency."	"North Shields"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.4451288	55.0093149
"643"	643	"Consultant in Old Age Psychiatry"	"    We are one of the country’s top performing NHS Foundation Trusts, looking after the wellbeing of around half a million people across Northumberland and North Tyneside – one of the largest geographical areas of any NHS Trust in England.  We deliver care from 11 acute sites including an emergency care hospital, general and community hospitals, an outpatient and diagnostic centre, an elderly care unit and an integrated health and social care facility.  We are rated ‘outstanding’ overall by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). We are one of the North East’s largest employers with 9,500 dedicated members of staff. We have a Council of Governors with 70 members, representing the public, staff and some of our external partners.  We invest heavily in staff to ensure that the best talent is attracted, developed, looked after, and retained in every area of the organisation. Staff satisfaction is high and our staff consistently rate us as one of the best places to work in the NHS.  We were one of the first NHS Trusts to receive foundation status, and have been a foundation trust for over a decade.  Candidates must read the entire ‘Applicants Guidance Notes’ before submitting any applications.  Please note that it is a requirement of this employer that all successful applicants pay for their own DBS certification if a DBS check is required for the post. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first monthly pay.      Consultant in Old Age Psychiatry  Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is looking to appoint consultants in Old Age Psychiatry to work within Mental Health Services for Older People, North Tyneside. Due to upcoming retirements we are able to recruit two full time consultants. We are also happy to consider splitting posts to allow part time or flexible working.  For appropriately trained and interested candidates, we would be happy to discuss opportunities for protected educational, research or special interest time available.  This is an opportunity to join an organisation in which clinicians work closely with management to develop and deliver high quality clinical services. The Trust is held up as an exemplar for many areas of service provision and was rated as outstanding by the CQC in May 2016. The Trust is also a vanguard organisation in NHS England’s new care models approach and the integration of acute and social services.  The post-holders would be responsible for a sector team which receives approximately 265 referrals per annum, as well as providing shared cover for a 14-bedded functional inpatient unit.  The service has a team of 5 consultant psychiatrists and 6 trainee doctors based in new purpose built accommodation on the North Tyneside General Hospital site. We perform well against National benchmarks (POMH-UK and MSNAP accredited). The department is busy, dynamic and friendly, benefitting from separate consultant-led services for liaison, care home residents and memory clinic. On-call is approximately 1 in 13, third on-call exclusively for Old Age Psychiatry. The consultant on call is supported always by on-site SPR. Consultant on call is from home and quiet.  Applicants must be on the Specialist Register for Old Age Psychiatry or within 6 months of obtaining CCT at the time of interview.  Essential: Completed accredited training in old age psychiatry Registered or eligible for registration as a specialist in psychiatry on the GMC Specialist Register Approved under Section 12 (2) of the Mental Health Act (1983) or equivalent. Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust is committed to the highest standards of recruitment to ensure we attract and employ the very best of candidates. To meet this standard we have developed a detailed and thorough selection event for our shortlisted candidates.  A competency based recruitment interview. The completion of two behavioural/thinking style psychometric tests which will be validated as part of the recruitment interview. A clinical assessment which will be validated at the recruitment interview. For further information or to arrange a visit, please contact Dr Chris Davison (Head of Service, MHSOP) – 0191 293 4010.  Closing date for applications 16th June 2019.    At Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust, we believe that our staff are the foundation for all that we do. The Trust recognises its role in supporting the health and wellbeing of its staff and it taking positive action in this respect. We have a range of initiatives and support for staff including psychology and counselling, physiotherapy, physical activity opportunities and healthy food choices on site.  The Trust is completely smoke free from March 2018. We do not discriminate against people who smoke but we do require all staff to be smoke free whilst at work and we have a range of support in place to help and support staff with this.  After applying via NHS Jobs, your submitted application will be imported into our preferred Third party recruitment system. All subsequent information regarding your application will be generated from apps.trac.jobs. You will not be able to track the progress of your application or receive messages through the NHS Jobs website, and furthermore, that as an employer, we will not be able to respond to any e-mails sent to us via the NHS Jobs website. By applying for this post you are agreeing to Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust transferring the information contained in this application to its preferred applicant management system. If you are offered a job information will also be transferred into the national NHS Electronic Staff Records system.    Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. Tier 2 Certificate of Sponsorship Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the Resident Labour Market Test. The UK Visas and Immigration department requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UK Visas and Immigration website. From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement. Guidance can be found here Criminal Records Checks For Overseas Applicants UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"North Tyneside"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"644"	644	"Call Centre Sales Advisor (Telesales) Full Time May 2019"	" New permanent positions to start in May 2019 SALARY: £8.21 basic salary, rising to £8.40 after passing probation and further increases thereafter up to £9.20 per hour, plus uncapped commission, up to £35,000 (OTE).  (We are proud to pay the National Living Wage regardless of age) Working in our growing contact centre ranked #1 in the northeast and #20 Sunday Times Top 100 Best Small Companies To Work For, you will represent one of our major utility clients who acquire and retain their customers with competitive energy tariffs and additional energy services. Your role will involve making outbound calls to new or existing customers and up-selling additional products and promotions on offer. No experience is needed, as we will provide all of the training. THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL:  Make outbound calls to new or existing mobile customers, promoting the products and services of the client Use appropriate questioning techniques in order to offer the most suitable product, meeting the customer’s needs Work to set sales targets, overcoming objections confidently, and working within strict quality and adherence guidelines Perform a challenging, demanding, results orientated role which is hugely fulfilling and rewarding Maintain professional and ethical working practices at all times* THE ‘MUST-HAVES’ FOR THIS ROLE ARE:  Excellent communication skills and customer focus, ideally with a background in sales and/or customer service The ability to meet sales targets The ability to take on board and implement coaching Results orientated, determined attitude Resilient, able to take rejection and the ability to work under pressure Great relationship building and interpersonal skills Team working abilities Excellent PC and numeracy skills WHAT WE OFFER:  We offer full training, ongoing coaching, development and support*  Excellent career progression opportunities.** You will benefit from a vibrant working environment in a small company with a family feel** Generous ‘uncapped’ bonus & commission plan** Great incentives such as iPad’s, HD TV’s, Holidays, Cash, and spot prizes to spice things up!** Regular Fundraising Activities for Charities that make a difference* BE PART OF OUR FAMILY… If you have any queries regarding this role or you would like to apply and be part of our family, please submit your details below and you will be contacted by a representative from our recruitment team. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21 to £9.20 /hour Location: Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£8.21 - £9.20 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"645"	645	"Early Help Practitioner"	" Our client in Durham is looking to recruit experienced Early help Practitioners for an immediate start This role is an initial 3-months contract (to be reviewed thereafter) Please note: Level 3 qualification in a relevant children's services field is essential (Early Years / Childcare / Education / Social Care / Community Engagement / Health.) Role description: The 0-19 Family Hub will deliver a 0 – 19 years ‘Local Family Offer’ whilst retaining a clear focus on early years in line with the ‘best start’ in life will provide a broader range of support services for family support in local communities The aim of the Early Help Practitioner is to provide direct help to empower families to access a range of support networks within their local communities and those delivered in and through the Community Family Hub with the aim of building resilience and sustained change Due to the nature of the job an Enhanced DBS issued within the last 12 months or available on the update service is a must. Duties & responsibilities: To participate in and adhere to Safeguarding procedure as defined by the Local Children’s Safeguarding Boards Policy and Procedures To work using an agreed Early Help Assessment and supporting family plan utilising where required TAF processes, to understand the family’s needs and offer a range of interventions to support sustained change To work with vulnerable parents to enable them to identify, acknowledge and meet their own and their children’s needs, develop life skills, make and sustain effective change and reduce vulnerability Develop and use a range of approaches to engage and build an effective working relationship with parents and families to enable positive change to take place Provide direct help and interventions to families that contribute to meaningful positive change -this may include supporting families to make and attend appointments, modelling appropriate actions and behaviours and assisting the necessary day to day activities that enable families to progress and maintain positive outcomes To work in partnership with children, young people, and their families in contributing to family plans which focus upon strengths and wishes To facilitate targeted group work sessions with children and/or young people in order to address a range of identified issues and improve outcomes To monitor and review progress against agreed goals and challenge where appropriate To contribute to a planned and timely exit strategy for the family including the appropriate use of Community and Voluntary Organisations To advocate and mediate on behalf of the family, individuals and partner agencies Work with parents and families to develop the confidence to engage with services and other support from the statutory, voluntary and the independent sector To plan and deliver innovative support and evidence-based intervention packages to children, young people, parents and carers including facilitating parenting programmes to support parents to develop their parenting skills and aspirations Providing opportunities for adults to participate in activities that improve their personal skills, education and employability Enhancing parents’ understanding of their responsibilities for their children’s safety and well-being Experience: Recent experience of working and supporting vulnerable children and families in the home and community settings Experience of delivering planned interventions using evidence-based practice leading to improved outcomes Experience of working as part of a multi-disciplinary team Experience of partnership working to achieve desired results Experience of responding effectively to safeguarding issues and concerns Experience of group facilitation Experience of working with a range of professionals, external partner agencies and service providers Mandatory compliance requirements:  Up to date CV highlighting your experience Proof of ID (birth certificate, work permit, passport, residence permit)  Contactable references (past/present/recent employer/ character reference) covering the past 2 years Enhanced DBS issued within the last 12 months or available on the update service- proof required  To apply for this job please send your CV to Nozi at LSS or alternatively contact 0747 066 7986 or our office number 0191 303 8317. At LSS we offer our candidates the following :  A team with public sector/trades/built environment/construction recruitment experience Access to a wide selection of vacancies across the UK The choice of PAYE or Limited company schemes Weekly payroll service Excellent rates of pay Live Staffing Solutions ( LSS ) is a specialist recruiter of Trades/Built Environment/Construction and related Public Sector Jobs. To view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit our web page: www.L-ss.co.uk Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.74 /hour Experience: responding effectively to safeguarding issues and concerns: 1 year (Preferred) of evidence based parenting interventions and programmes: 1 year (Preferred) working and supporting vulnerable children and families: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: DBS Certificate (issued within the last 12 months) (Preferred)"	"Durham "	NA	"£9.74 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"646"	646	"Fork Lift Truck Driver (counter balance license)"	" We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Forklift Truck Driver (counter balance) to join one of our clients based in Stanley, County Durham. Monday to Friday 6am-2pm and 2pm-10pm, rotating Day and Back Shift. 37.5 Hours. The company are expanding and looking for the right candidate to join their growing team. The role is temporary with a view to go permanent for the right person. Daily Duties: Operating Counter Balance Fork Lift Truck (FLT) Loading and Unloading Pallets General Warehouse Work Wrapping and Stacking Pallets Organising Stock Essential Experience: Experience Driving an FLT (Counter Balance) Experience working within a Warehouse or Distribution Environment Desirable Experience: Reach Truck Licence and experience is advantageous but not essential.Due to the high volume of candidates responding to our adverts unfortunately we are not always able to provide individual feedback. If you don't hear from us within the next ten days, please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. We will however keep your details on file and you may be contacted about other opportunities in the future. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £9.34 /hour "	"Stanley"	"Temporary"	"£9.34 an hour"	114.2159129	22.2143908
"647"	647	"Disability Assessor"	" Disability Assessor in Newcastle We are Currently looking for Occupational Therapists (OT), Physiotherapists RGNs, RMNs and Paramedics who are looking for a change in career. You must be registered with the NMC / HCPC with a valid PIN. You must have two years' post-registration experience. The Role As a Disability Assessor you will undertake a face to face assessment of an individual who is making a claim for the Personal Independence Payment at one of our clinics. You will need to take into account all of the information presented including any supporting evidence (e.g. the claimant's completed questionnaire, and information from GP's or Specialists etc.) and then carry out a face to face consultation in a professional manner. Once you have gathered all the necessary information you will complete a structured report to be presented to the DWP. This report will contain a detailed history of the claimant condition(s) including information gathered on the functional impact of their health condition or impairment on their daily living and mobility, their current medication and treatment. You will use this to make recommendations on the assessment criteria which should be applied. You will provide a full justification explaining how you came to these conclusions from the evidence gathered and define the probable timescales over which a health condition or impairment may affect the claimant. About PIP Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit for those aged 16-64 with a long-term health condition or impairment, whether physical, sensory, mental, cognitive, intellectual or any combination of these. It is paid to make a contribution to the extra costs that disabled people may face, to help them lead full, active and independent lives. Although the work is carried out on a one to one basis and you will use your own initiative, you will be part of a team. You will have sufficient clinical knowledge to read and understand complex claimant information and have excellent report writing skills to enable you to provide DWP with a robust assessment report. A strong grounding in computing skills would be very useful. The training is structured so that you can walk before running. Upon starting work you will embark on an outstanding training program that seeks to prepare you for the role. This will start in the classroom and then continue with a mentoring program at your clinic. If you are interested in discussing this position or any others, please get in touch. #IND1 07890772817 Job Type: Full-time Salary: £32,000.00 to £35,000.00 /year Experience: post-registration: 2 years (Required)Licence: NMC or HCPC (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£32,000 - £35,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"648"	648	"Learning Support - Leading to permanent contract"	" Vision for Education are currently recruiting on behalf of a school in the Newcastle area that caters for students with Social, Emotional and Mental Health difficulties. The role will begin on a supply basis but will be made permanent for the candidate that can display all of the qualities the school are looking for over a sustained period. You will be based across Key Stage 3 and 4, working with students aged from 12-16 years of age. Previous experience of working as a Teaching Assistant is not essential but the ability to engage, motivate and inspire some of the regions most disaffected young learners, is. The ideal candidate must have: The patience to deal with very challenging, sometimes aggressive behaviour, in a calm and collected manner The ability to respond to behaviours with a non-judgemental attitude and begin each day as a fresh start The resilience and empathy to look for the reasons behind the challenging behaviour you encounter Ability to maintain a professional working relationship with students and follow current safeguarding guidelines This role is due to begin on the 3rd June 2019 and for the right candidate, will be made permanent before January 2020 You must have, or be willing to undergo, an enhanced DBS check. Full assistance can be provided. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £69.00 to £70.00 /day Experience: Challenging Behaviour: 1 year (Preferred) Youth Work: 1 year (Preferred) Learning Support: 1 year (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£69 - £70 a day"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"649"	649	"SEMH Support Assistant - Tyne and Wear"	"The Education Network are currently seeking enthusiastic, confident and resilient SEMH Support Assistants to work across Tyne and Wear and Northumberland. We have excellent professional relationships with our partnership SEMH schools, some of whom recruit their staff exclusively through ourselves, and we are proud of the fact that our best SEMH Support Assistants are snapped up for permanent roles before we know it. We offer a wide range of roles including part-time, full-time, ad-hoc and long-term opportunities so we are confident that we can find something to suit your specialised skill-set, experience and career aspirations. Whether you are looking to secure a permanent role as an SEMH Support Assistant or simply want to get a foot in the door of a few new settings, The Education Network are here to help. The ideal SEMH Support Assistant will:Have recent and relevant experience in a similar setting or role, preferably working with SEMH children though we will accept applicants with a background in mainstream education/care/nursing/social work etc. Posses the key transferrable skills needed to be able to effectively support children with SEMH, such as resilience, confident, patience and a nurturing personality Have experience dealing with challenging behaviour Be able to effectively assist teachers on a 1:1, small group or whole class basis depending on what is required Possess an enhanced DBS certificate or be willing to obtain one Have a full understanding of the safeguarding responsibilities of an SEMH Support Assistant  For an informal chat about the roles we have available, please apply directly to this advert and our SEN Resourcer Beth will be happy to help. We hope to hear from you soon!The Education Network Offer: Our specialist team have a combined experience of over 25 years and have unrivalled reputation within the education market, taking great pride in the extremely high service levels that we provide to both our schools and our candidates. Our service is honest and efficient and, in addition to our recruitment solution, we offer the opportunity for additional training and development for our candidates. You will also receive personalised career support from the team. The opportunity to work in friendly, caring and supportive atmosphere where every child matters. Highly supportive, committed and hard working Consultants who will endeavor to find assignments suited to your needs. An opportunity to extend your professional development as well as excellent rates of pay. The Education Network is committed to safe guarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. Appointments will be subject to our stringent vetting procedures, including enhanced DBS checks and references.- The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance standards. Any appointment will be subject to an enhanced DBS check in addition to other safeguarding checks. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. Due to the expected high-volume of applications we receive only short-listed candidates will be contacted within 3 days."	"Durham"	"Temporary"	"£55 - £70 a day"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"650"	650	"Nursery Practitioner"	" New Beginnings Childcare (Moorside) Co. Ltd Job Type: Nursery Practitioner Part time 16hrs per week (flexible between Monday – Friday 7.45am – 6pm) And/ Or Bank Staff zero-hour contract (flexible between Monday – Friday 7.45am – 6pm) Experience Required: 2years Minimum Hourly Rate: Meets National Living wage We are a well-established nursery with an excellent reputation within the local area. We are looking for a nursery practitioner who has experience working with all age groups from babies to pre-school and be able to adapt to the routines of the different ages.. We would like someone who has experience, enthusiasm, creativity and focus on excellent standards of care with a natural ability to work with children, be part of a team and willing to go above and beyond. Preferably has a little bit of quirkiness, smiling face that makes every child feel special, be happy to sing, dance and pretend play within the role on a daily basis, be approachable and able to comfort a child as and when needed. You must hold a qualification in Level 3 NVQ or equivalent in Childcare or Health and Social Care, have Knowledge and understanding of the EYFS, enhance childrens interests and understands child initiated play and be able to communicate effectively with the children, staff and parents, with an anti-discriminatory and inclusive manner. To put the welfare and safety of the children as paramount, New Beginnings Childcare is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children and expect all staff to share this commitment. All staff are required to have a DBS check prior to employment which will be renewed every 3years, full background checks will be conducted on all employees. To share responsibility ensuring a safe and clean environment for the children and staff. Occasionally be involved in out of working hours activities e.g. training, staff meetings, parents’ evenings and fundraising events. Have an understanding of and able to use modern technology, tablets and laptops, our learning journals are all done online through an App system called Tapestry. Maintain high standards expected of the nursery at all times within the regulations, polices and procedures of the nursery and current legislation, and to work within the framework and expectations of the employee handbook. You will be working with other professionals relating to child development, who work within the health care and social services team and you may be asked to attend meetings involving a Team around the Family. Please ensure you are fully qualified and have experience working with babies and children, if you do not meet these requirements within the essential criteria, we will not process your application. To request an application pack, we will not accept your C.V without a completed application form, Please contact the nursery on 01207 500073 or send email for application pack. Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Experience: Childcare: 2 years (Preferred)Education: Certificate of Higher Education (Required)Location: Consett DH8 (Preferred)Licence: First Aid (Preferred)"	"Consett "	"Part-time, Temporary"	NA	-1.8333741	54.8518781
"651"	651	"Full Time Carer - Night Duty"	" JOB TITLE: CARE ASSISTANT ACCOUNTABLE TO: HOME MANAGER RESPONSIBLE TO: Nurse/Senior in Charge of Duty Job Summary The post holder works to provide a supporting service to the Nurse in Charge. Duties are described within the following helping roles of support assistant. Maintaining a safe and homely environment for patients by housekeeping duties in the care areas and prevention of cross-infection. Receiving and giving of information. Working with and lending support to the qualified nurse carrying out planned care for individual patients. CARE RESPONSIBILITIES Personal and Social Care. Participating in the preparation for the informal reception of thepatient/resident at the time of admission. Attending to the needs of carers/relatives of patients/residents and courteous reception of visitors in the Home. Protecting patients/residents who are frail, unsteady when walking, disabled by poor vision or confusion from all types of accidents wherever possible. Assisting patients/residents in the care of their personnel clothing and other possessions/valuables in accordance with the Home policies/procedures. Knowing personal role at first aid level in resuscitation procedure. Receiving and acting upon the instruction of the Nurse in Charge that may be spoken and/or written in the patients/residents care plan, or occur during work activities. Reporting to the Carer responsible for making the patient/residents care plan or the Nurse-in-charge at the time. information received from the patient/resident, family, friends etc., that seem important. * any change noted in the patients usual condition.* Information important to the patients comfort or emotional well being* The patients/residents response to care given.* Falls or other accidents** Maintaining confidentiality of information gained about patients/residents, discussing private information only with those responsible for their care.* Be consistent and warm in manner encouraging patients/residents to talk socially when they feel ready to do so, valuing the potential of the conversation.* Become involved in social and occupational activities with patients/residents as appropriate.* Support patients during escort duties, explaining routines and maintaining a positive approach.* Assist the patients who need help with personal hygiene, dressing and undressing activities. Care of the skin, nails, hair * care of the mouth, teeth or dentures* protection of the skin* provide general comport* storage of clothing and preparation for laundering** Help patients/residents who are confined to bed by appropriate means, comfort and safety.* Assist individuals who have continence problems understanding use of incontinence management and resources.* Disposal of waste products and cleaning wipes appropriately and safely.* Assisting in completing last office procedure with a qualified nurse.* Participate in personal care of patients/residents with due regard for acceptability to the patient/resident, preventing embarrassment, maintaining dignity, complying with established policies.HOUSEKEEPING1. Observing and prompting comfortable heating and tolerable noise levels within the Home.2. Service meals to patients/residents. * assisting with help or feeding * assisting with choice when required * record fluids taken when appropriate or directed * comply with special diets, report appetite and intake * prepare food and drinks as required3. Maintain recommendations/procedures for food hygiene and food handling.4. Having detailed understanding of fire hazards, sitting of appliances routine to be followed in the event of fire and evacuation process.5. Assisting with tidiness in clinical areas, removal of used items of equipment, correct disposal of waste, soiled linen.6. Assist Nurse in Charge or nominated Deputy in technical activities as required.7 Preparing the personal space areas for patients/relatives before admission /after discharge, cleaning the beds etc.; and other items of equipment.8. Replenishing patients/residents areas with towels, soap etc.; and identifying the need to replenish clinical stocks where holding levels are required. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES1. Ensure medications are administered as per policy. All relevant documentation must be complete.2. Participate/attend meetings, educational sessions, receive regular supervision from Officer in Charge.3. Promote effective communication both within and outside the Home environment.4. Participate in flexible duty patterns that promote effective 24 hour care This job description may be altered subject to the needs of the service we are required to provide and is not exhaustive. of residents. 4. Dealing promptly with telephone enquires and messages, communicating effectively with other members of the team. 3. Assisting as necessary with written documentation associated with any aspect of patients/residents care-as supervised by Nurse in Charge. 2. Noting, reporting and documenting damaged furnishings, conditioning of equipment, baths, showers or other appliances. 1. Listing patients/residents property on arrival or departure. CLERICAL/ADMINISTRATION Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.21 /hour Experience: Health & Social Care: 2 years (Preferred)Education: GCSE or equivalent (Preferred)Location: Chester-le-Street, Durham (Preferred)"	"Chester-le-Street"	NA	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"652"	652	"Chemistry Tutor"	"The Tutor’s role typically involves offering private tuition to students of all ages both at personal and group level. You will have your own equipment (laptop, tablets) if you are delivering lessons online and arrange your own transport if you are working locally onsite. You have the liberty to charge your own rate per hour of your specialist subject area, and this will be available to the public on our website. The following are some of your key responsibilities; 1. You must understand the British National Curriculum and that of other accredited national examination bodies. 2. You will be responsible for preparing your lesson materials and notes based on item 1 above. 3. You will be responsible for the quality, relevancy and accuracy of the lesson materials produced in item 2 above. 4. For both online and onsite lessons, you will be responsible for booking and confirming students for agreed lessons. This will be done via our appointment portal. 5. You will ensure that you respond promptly to students and users’ enquiries. 6. You must ensure that you attend to all assigned lessons as lateness or absenteeism is seriously frowned at. 7. At all time, you will conduct yourself in a disciplined and professional manner (please refer to our Terms of Usage on Tipping and sexual misconduct). 8. You will keep and protect confidential data of Tutorsfinder you are permitted access to. It is your responsibility to read, understand and adhere to our privacy policy and Terms of Usage (Please refer to the relevant section of our website, www.tutorsfinder.co.uk). It is not compulsory you hold formal teaching qualifications, but you must meet the following criteria; You must be at least at the first year in the University or studying towards higher degrees (Masters and PhD) with solid background in Chemistry or related field. You must be confident and demonstrate an attitude of continuous learning. You must be comfortable with using basic office applications and other related learning tools. The following soft skills are also essential to carry out the job role effectively; Excellent Communications (speaking, writing and presentation) skills Good Interpersonal Skills Excellent Organization and planning skills Abstract and Pragmatic Problem-solving skills Conflict resolution skills"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"653"	653	"Bank Social Inclusion Support Worker"	" Domiciliary Social Inclusion Support Worker (full/part time) Contract Type: Permanent/Temporary Location: North Tyneside / Hartlepool Job Role FULL & PART TIME SOCIAL INCLUSION SUPPORT WORKER VACANCIES - Bank Salary: £8.50 p.h Sleep In Allowance: £63.00 Include 'In' Autism is a new organisation that supports people with Autism Spectrum Disorders. We are currently recruiting staff to support our care packages within the North Tyneside area. We would be very keen to meet candidates that are interested in working as part of a caring team, supporting our clients towards progression and succession in their everyday lives. It is essential that all applicants have a positive outlook and are willing to provide sensitive support. All applicants MUST have good communication skills, be understanding, willing to progress and learn. These positions will require an Enhance Disclosure with the Disclosure and Barring Service. Please contact the team on 0191 580 5279for more information about the role or to discuss informally. Closing date for completed applications: Ongoing recruitment will take place until positions are filled Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary Salary: £8.50 /hour Licence: Full Clean Driving License (Preferred)Language: Fluent English (Required)"	"North Tyneside"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£8.50 an hour"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"654"	654	"Social Workers/Senior Social Workers - Assessment Team"	"Assessment Team Children’s Social Workers/Senior Social Workers Salary - £29055 - £38052 per annum plus:Additional payments of: £1239 per annum Essential Car User Allowance paid monthly; 2% Recruitment and retention allowance paid monthly; Up to £4000 ‘introduction’ payment and relocation expenses.  We are currently recruiting experienced Social Workers to join our Assessment Social Work Team; based together in modern accommodation at the Sandhill Centre, Sunderland. Child centred, Respectful, Creative and transparent are the values around which the Company has been formed. This is what you can expect from Together for Children when you join us.  The Company is right in the middle of realising its improvement agenda and we are seeking committed and talented professionals with a number of post qualified years’ experience to join existing colleagues in our unique Company. You will work directly with and also support children, young people and their families in completing child focused assessments. With proven experience in delivering statutory children’s social care services you will have knowledge of social care children’s legislation and be confident in delivering the best outcomes and decisions on behalf of service users. You must be an excellent team player and be able to form positive relationships with colleagues and partners.  Our Social Work offer is one of the most competitive across the region including a maximum earning potential of £40052 pa for a post qualified worker who has satisfied progression plus for external applicants an additional £1000 TfC retention payment payable on commencement (or after successful completion of the probationary period, if this applies), and guaranteed no hot desking. We are a very flexible employer offering employees the opportunity to strike the right balance between home and the workplace and we offer working from home and compressed hours working for employees. Our network of IT support and provision of a smartphone, which means you can work from home or away from the office, including in a number of touchdown offices across the City.  We want you to feel supported and confident to deliver at the highest standards and offer a range of training and development opportunities so that you have the tools to update your skills and knowledge. We also offer manageable caseloads and ensure that all workers are supported through regular supervision and appraisal. Our established Senior Management Team listens to the workforce and recognises their want to make a difference to the lives of our service users. The Company uses Liquid Logic to enable manageable caseloads for teams. Dedicated support is available to help you with the demands of the day-to-day job from Business Administration support for typing and filing, the Family Time Service to facilitate supervised contacts, dedicated Child & Family Workers based within the team.  It is also an exciting time to join us and become involved in the roll out of Signs of Safety and Safer Together practice models across the Company. You will have access to our range of employment involvement activities designed to allow you to shape how the Company develops. Your opinions are very important to us and are highly valued.  As well as an extremely attractive salary package other benefits of working for Together for Children include:  Free onsite car parking  Pension - We provide a Local Government Pension Scheme;  Sick pay - We will pay up to six months’ sick pay on full salary subject to service;  Annual leave - 25 days paid annual leave plus bank holidays, increasing to 30 days after 5 years’ service. Employees can request to purchase additional annual leave via a salary sacrifice scheme. Flexi Scheme: 2 days flexible leave per accounting period (pro rata for part time employees).  Maternity/adoption leave – Up to 52 weeks’ leave of absence, with pay for a specified period dependent upon length of service and personal choice.  Maternity support/adoption leave – Up to 5 days’ paid leave as a partner/carer at the time of the birth or adoption.  Paternity leave – Up to two consecutive weeks leave after the birth of the child We offer the Childcare Vouchers Scheme and a Cycle to Work Scheme via a salary sacrifice scheme. Employee Benefits: My Club Nissan Scheme - 20% off a brand new Nissan, and up to 30% off the Infiniti range.  Everyone Active – Employees and their partners will be entitled to a reduced price membership to Everyone Active gyms as well as a one free taster day available per employee.  In addition to the Company’s benefits package, we also offer support to employees in the form of: Free, confidential and independent face to face counselling service through the Occupational Health Service. Reasonable adjustments and/or redeployment where practical for employees requiring support after illness or due to disability. A good health and wellbeing programme, provided to all employees to help achieve healthier and safer lifestyles both at work and at home. A domestic violence policy to ensure support and advice is available. Employee Induction scheme.  For further information on careers in social care with Together for Children, please check our website: https://www.togetherforchildren.org.uk/work-us.  This post is exempt from the rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 and therefore will be subject to a DBS check from the Disclosure and Barring Service."	"Sunderland "	"Permanent"	"£29,055 - £38,052 a year"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"655"	655	"Telehandler Operator"	" CLS require a Telehandler for the Warden Bridge, Hexham area. (NE46) Starting: Monday 20th/ASAP Duration: Min. 1 - 2 weeks. Required: CPCS/ NPORS Telescopic Handler Previous experience. 2 x references. Please call CLS on 01924 890833 or send CV to Emily @ clsukinfra.com CLS (Construction Labour Solutions is an equal opportunities employer. Job Types: Temporary, Contract Experience: telehandler: 2 years (Preferred)Licence: telehandler license (Preferred) driving license (Preferred) CPCS (Preferred) Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Warden"	"Temporary, Contract"	NA	-79.2790432	43.7111204
"656"	656	"Senior Estimator"	"   The Organisation  Nigel Wright are pleased to be working with an expanding engineering business who is looking for a senior estimator to join their team.    The Role  You will report into the Manager and play a keyl role in preparing costing information and manufacturing estimates to secure delivery of tenders. You will be required to understand the design and manufacturing requirements of the customer ensuring detailed manufacturing plans are provided. You will play a key part in building relationships with existing and new customers ensuring clear information is provided and that risks are identified and managed during the estimating process.    About you  The successful candidate will be used to playing a significant role in the preparation of strategic tenders and will be customer focused. They will have excellent customer service skills and be accustomed in managing and maintaining relationships with existing and new customers. As a highly experienced Estimator, you will also provide support and coaching to less experienced members of the team Ideally you will have a minimum of a HNC in mechanical engineering/manufacturing; however, this may be of less importance if you have significant estimating experience. This is an exciting opportunity to join a manufacturing business that is undergoing a period of growth that can offer you the scope to continue to develop your career.    "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"657"	657	"Senior Practitioner - Family Support"	" Senior Practitioner - Family Support - Durham - £29 per hour  Durham are looking for a social woeker to join their Family Support Team. They are looking for Social Workers to take on more complex cases and special projects, along with court work.  Benefits: Numerous locations available including Crook, Barnard Castle and Consett. Case holding responsibility but also be there as a sounding board and expertise for the less experienced members of the Team.  Durham is an exciting place to work with opportunities for career development.  Stable and strong teams in which to craft a career within a supportive Council. Pay rate equivalent of £29 per hour.  As a Family Support Social Worker, you will have experience of:  Working knowledge of the Children's Act  Court Proceedings  Child protection Care proceedings  Attending Court & relevant reports  Section 47s  Core Assessments  Child protection meetings  Case conferences  As a Social Worker, you must have:   HCPC registration  Post qualified experience  The legal right to work in the UK   Why Liquid Personnel?   New ‘Faster Pay’ service getting you paid more quickly  Twice weekly payroll  Free DBS and compliance service  Access to exclusive roles that aren't available from other agencies  Your own dedicated consultant with extensive social work knowledge  Access to a wide selection of social work positions across the UK  “Refer a Friend” bonus - get £200 for each social worker you refer who we successfully place *  “Find your own job” bonus – get £250 for bringing your own position to us *  For more information please contact swapplications@liquidpersonnel.com Liquid Personnel is an equal opportunities employer. Liquid Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. * Terms and conditions apply to our bonus schemes.  "	"Durham"	NA	"£29 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"658"	658	"Apprentice Facilities Administrator at Morgan Douglas Ltd"	" Brief overview of the role Due to the exciting and fast paced growth of Morgan Douglas, we are now looking to recruit an Office Administrator to be based at our Durham City Centre office, to provide administrative support to the Facilities Manager. Working week Monday – Friday, 9am – 5pm Total hours per week: 35 Wage £3.90 per hour (National Apprenticeship Minimum Wage)Vacancy description Strong Microsoft office skills, especially in Excel for the purpose of spreadsheet input and maintaining. Handling maintenance and repair reports and instructing contractors from our approved supplier database via a work ticket system Ensure work detailed on tickets are accurate, and carried out by our suppliers and closed on the system to reflect the job carried out is complete Adding expenses/receipts/invoices to properties on our designated software Resolving any Tenant issues in a timely and professional manner, ensuring a high level of customer service at all times. This could be in the form of an email or a telephone call, or a face to face interaction. Supporting in the purchase process of items for the business and our properties, ranging from batteries to washing machines. Assisting with the move-in and move-out processes, ensuring a smooth transition and property turn around. Receiving and releasing keys. Handling money for Key Deposits. Issuing cash receipts. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal – emails, phone calls. A keen eye / great attention to detail. Able to work to deadlines, and be flexible in our busy season. A willingness to go the extra mile to show our clients we always go above and beyond. Conducting periodic inspections of all premises to ensure they are kept in good repair. Reviewing invoices and querying where applicable. Conducting inventories. Identify cost saving opportunities. Self-motivating, good problem solver and ability to multitask and react quickly to changing situations. Ambitious and driven. Data entry, which may involve dealing with sensitive or personal data which would require exceptional and all-round professionalism. Qualifications 4 GCSEs at Grade D/3 or above including English and maths. Skills Excellent communication skills Ability to multi-task Good working knowledge of Microsoft office suite Personal qualities A positive and flexible attitude Self-motivated Ability to remain calm under pressure Job Type: Apprenticeship Salary: £3.90 /hour Education: GCSE or equivalent (Required)Location: Durham, Durham (Preferred)"	"Durham"	"Apprenticeship"	"£3.90 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"659"	659	"Care Assistant - Bank - Care Home"	" ABOUT THE ROLE As a Bank Care Assistant at a Barchester care home, you’ll help residents enjoy each day by making sure they get the quality care and support they deserve. You’ll assist with daily living, providing support and companionship – and sharing great moments and memories too. It’s a chance to bring your dedication and compassion to a fulfilling environment. Every day will be different, so you can expect to undertake work that’s as varied as it is rewarding. As a Bank Care Assistant, you could be doing anything from supporting residents with their food and drink and following care plans to ensuring that each of our residents has one-to-one time. It’s an opportunity to put your skills to meaningful use and develop your career.  ABOUT YOU To join us as a Bank Care Assistant you’ll need to have some experience of caring for older people, a can-do approach and excellent communication skills. Your empathy and warm-hearted approach will shine through, but above all, you’ll have the compassion needed to deliver the highest standard of care and support for all our residents. In return we'll provide all the training you need to thrive.  REWARDS PACKAGE As well as competitive pay, you can look forward to a role that offers true flexibility and plenty of free learning and development opportunities. As one of the UK’s leading healthcare providers, we take the growth of everyone who works for us seriously.  As this is a Bank position to provide cover as and when we need it, such as for annual leave or sick leave, the hours and days you work will vary.  If you’d like to use your people skills in an organisation that provides the quality care you’d expect for your loved ones, this is a rewarding place to be.  Our Care Home Manager is always happy to welcome you into the home for an informal chat, simply pop in to find out more about working at Barchester. "	"Gateshead "	"Part-time"	"£9.20 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"660"	660	"Supported Living Worker Lvl 2 CQC Admin Med"	" We are currently seeking Care Support Workers to work on Full and Part time basis within our established supported living services in Newcastle upon Tyne. Job role:  To ensure customers are provided with timely, high quality and reliable care and support in their chosen settings. To directly deliver individual personal care to customers in line with their care plan, working alongside them to maximize their independence and social inclusion. Key Duties:  Enabling & Living Skills. You will need to be passionate about care work and being a Support Worker You will need to display natural empathy and compassion for others You will need to be hardworking and be flexible You will need to be reliable and someone who goes the extra mile. Job Types: Part-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £8.00 to £8.75 /hour Location: Wallsend NE28 (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Staggered hours Part-time Compressed hours "	"Wallsend "	"Part-time, Temporary, Contract"	"£8.00 - £8.75 an hour"	-1.5342042	54.9911912
"661"	661	"Consultant Medical Oncologist with an interest Gynaecological Oncology"	"FREEMAN HOSPITAL  DIRECTORATE OF CANCER SERVICES AND CLINICAL HAEMATOLOGY  CONSULTANT MEDICAL ONCOLOGIST WITH AN INTEREST IN GYNAECOLOGICAL ONCOLOGY  REF. 317-CON-19-103  We are delighted to be able to offer an opportunity for a highly motivated, ambitious individual to join our well integrated team as a Consultant Medical Oncologist, as soon as possible. Applicants wishing to work full time or part time would be considered.  The Northern Centre for Cancer Care (NCCC) is the regional Cancer Centre delivering radiotherapy and chemotherapy services within the North of England Cancer Network (NECN). The Centre provides secondary and tertiary care for both in-patient and outpatient services for a population of 2.1 million, covering an area stretching from the Scottish borders to Cumbria and the River Tees. The centre is fully equipped to provide state of the art cancer care. Services are also provided by NCCC to 6 surrounding Trusts.  The current opportunity is for a Consultant Medical Oncologist with an interest in gynaecological cancer plus or minus another tumour site. You will provide care within the NCCC, as well as in one of the peripheral trusts linked to Newcastle, reflecting the regional nature of the service.  In addition to the challenges of the role, we can offer you a commitment to teaching, education, research and audit.  Candidates for the post must be registered medical practitioners and on, or eligible to join, the Specialist Register within six months of the date of the Appointments Committee.  The Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is one of the most successful teaching NHS Trusts in the country. We have one of the highest number of specialist services of hospitals in the UK. With around 14,000 staff, the Newcastle Hospitals is one of the region’s major employers. We have a long-standing reputation for high quality clinical care with our staff’s commitment to excellence reflected in our consistent performance at the highest level. We are committed to being an “employer of choice” offering our staff superb benefits, looking after their wellbeing, and providing access to high-quality education, training, career progression and support which enables them to provide “healthcare at its very best – with a personal touch”.  We are committed to promoting equality and diversity and recognise the benefit in providing an inclusive environment. We value and respect the diversity of our employees and aim to recruit a workforce which reflects the communities we serve, and is equipped to deliver the best service to our patients. We welcome all applications irrespective of people’s race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, religion or belief, age, gender identity, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity and in particular those from under-represented groups.  For an informal discussion and further information regarding the opportunity and Directorate, please contact: Dr Gail Jones, Clinical Director on 0191 213 9380 or via email atGail.Jones@nuth.nhs.uk or Dr Jill Gardiner, Medical Oncology Lead via email at Jill.Gardiner@nuth.nhs.uk.  All successful candidates who require a DBS for the post they have been offered pay for their DBS certificate. The method of payment is a salary deduction from your first month’s pay. You will be required to sign a DBS payment form which will be issued to you as part of your recruitment process.  To apply for this post, please visit NHS Jobs and complete the application form in full, please ensure that you provide references to cover the last 3 years. For any further queries, please contactClaudia Sweeney, HR Officer atClaudia.Sweeney@nuth.nhs.uk, quoting the post reference number. Closing Date: 26 May 2019 Interview Date: TBC"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	"£77,913 - £105,042 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"662"	662	"Shuttering Joiner"	" Shuttering Joiner required for a job in Cramlington. preparing for a Concrete pour. Must have a CSCS card. To start asap - ideally thurs 16thth May Call Cheryl 3KB Recruitment 07850580949 Job Type: Temporary "	"Cramlington"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"663"	663	"Clinical Lead Speech & Language Therapist - Band 7"	"Speech and Language Therapist - Clinical Lead Developmental Communication Disorders  Children's Service - County Durham and Darlington  We have an exciting opportunity for an enthusiastic, motivated, experienced and highly skilled Speech and Language Therapist.  The role is based in the Durham and Darlington teams and involves leading, coordinating and developing the clinical service for children and young people with a complex and diverse range of social communication and / or language difficulties including autistic spectrum disorder. The post holder will:be passionate about improving health outcomes. work closely with health colleagues, partner agencies, parents and carers including contributing to the multi-agency autism diagnostic team. have the opportunity to manage a highly specialist clinical caseload, with a focus on children with complex social communication and/or language difficulties. lead on the development and coordination of service provision and pathways, together with other clinical and locality leads. work with the professional and operational leads to ensure equity of provision in the clinical area. be part of a dynamic, forward thinking and professional service with a strong commitment to CPD and supervision.  The service promotes work-life balance and supports flexible working arrangements. For new members of the team, there is period of induction and allocation of a personal mentor during the settling in period."	"Durham"	NA	"£37,570 - £43,772 a year"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"664"	664	"Bank Kitchen Assistant"	" Prestwick Care is a successful family run business. We are a top care home provider based in the North East of England, and we are now recruiting for a Bank Kitchen Assistant at Covent House in Birtley, to help the catering team to provide a high standard of food service while maintaining excellence in cleanliness. Job Title: Bank Kitchen Assistant Working Hours:  0 hrs/Part-Time Main Responsibilities:  Working with the chefs, carrying out delegated duties which will include food & vegetable preparation. Ensure all serveries are stocked with appropriate supplies and kept clean Collect dirty crockery and utensils from floors and ensure dishes are washed. Clean all equipment used by cook including food trolleys. Responsible for cleanliness in the kitchen as it is a high priority, with spillage’s being cleaned up immediately. Keeping all work surfaces clean Carry out cleaning rotas as required, including fridges, freezers and cookers. (NB also the serving areas). Undertake Basic Food Hygiene Course. Complies with requirements of the Health & Safety Act and COSHH regulations. Maintain confidentiality at all times. Information gained about individual residents must not be mentioned outside the home. Attend staff meetings and training sessions as required. Wear appropriate clothing as stated in the company handbook. Required:  Good, friendly communication skills. Able to work within a close team. Satisfactory DBS check and check against the ISA List (where applicable). Knowledge / experience of health and safety legislation. Flexible in approach to working rota. Must have impeccable standards of personal hygiene and cleanliness. Desired:  Food hygiene certificate. Experience in working in a catering kitchen. If this vacancy interests you - please send your CV ASAP Job Type: Part-time "	"Birtley"	"Part-time"	NA	-1.5795659	54.8985648
"665"	665	"Early Years Specialist Wanted ASAP"	"We are looking for a passionate Early Years Specialist to work in the day car at one of our South Tyneside based primary schools. An exciting opportunity has become available in one of our South Tyneside based primary schools. The day care department is looking to recruit an Early Years Specialist. This position will be Long term with the possibility of the role becoming permanent. The school are looking for someone who is confident, ambitious, willing to work long hours and has a strong will to commit.You must have:A qualification in Early Years Experience working in schools, day cares or educational settings (Preferred)  An ability to work confidently with young children, with a professional approach A valid DBS (Can apply if needed) Eligibility to work in the UK Two references  Here at Protocol Education we like to look after our teachers and support staff, giving very competitive rates of pay and ongoing CPD.Over minimum wage at £9.50 an hour Free CPD An experienced personal consultant to help guide you through the entire recruitment process, from planned travel to interview tips A recommend a friend scheme that could earn you £250  If you are interested in this role or any others we have available then please register on our website www.protocol-education.com , alternatively contact Matty on 01912797270 or matthew.anderson@protocol-education.com "	"South Shields"	NA	"£9.50 an hour"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"666"	666	"Catering Assistant"	" Position: Catering Assistant  Location: Tyne & Wear  Hourly Rate: Competitive pay rates  Type: ongoing temporary opportunities   We are looking for experienced Catering Assistants. We work with clients in many different surroundings from beautiful hotels to essential work within the Healthcare and education sectors so whatever your experience and background we would love for you to come and be a part of our team.  Must have:  Passion for delivering top quality food  Food and Hygiene Certificate  Hard working, reliable, team player, flexible  Benefits:  Competitive pay rates  The benefit of working for many different clients  Gain on the job experience to build up your CV experiences "	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"667"	667	"Y3 Teaching Assistant"	"Protocol Education are currently recruiting for pro-active, understanding, empathetic and patient Teaching Assistants to work on day to day supply across Co.Durham with children that have behavioural and emotional difficulties. The ideal candidates will be passionate about working with children and determined to ensure each child's learning experience is as comfortable and positive as possible. We desire (Not Essential): Have recent classroom experience in the UK. Previous experience with SEN or SEMH difficulties Have strong behaviour management skills Have excellent communication skills as well as strong literacy and numeracy skills Eligible to work in the UK (must have valid visa) Recent classroom-based references and valid DBS on the Update Service or willing to apply for one. What we can offer you: Continuing Professional Development (CPD) Social events- from pub quizzes to our legendary Thames boat party for you to meet with other Protocol Education candidates and consultants. A better work-life balance, Flexible hours to suit you Competitive daily rates Refer a Teacher £250 bonus scheme If you feel you have the qualities and experience that Protocol are looking for, please reply to this add or send your updated CV and register online on www.protocol-education.com Protocol Education is a Supply Agency offering both long terms and short terms roles in Early Years, Primary, Secondary and Special Needs (SEND) Education. We undertake safeguarding checks on all our workers in accordance with the DfE statutory guidance Keeping Children Safe in Education'. As part of these checks, we require a current Enhanced DBS Disclosure for everyone working in schools. If you do not have a valid subscription to the DBS Update Service, we will require you to complete a new DBS application as part of the registration process, at a cost of £44.00."	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"668"	668	"Tour Chefs"	" Tour Chefs Adkins & Cheurfi recruitment are searching for a pool of Tour Chefs to work on some of the largest concerts and events over the coming months of June to September 2019. Working on concerts for artists such as Muse and Metallica you will be required to cater to the event staff, roadies, tour managers and bands themselves throughout the summer. For this role, Tour Chefs will be required to travel around the North of England for each concert and will cater in the build-up, over the event itself and after the concert has finished so you must be happy to travel and live in with the team. Our client offers free accommodation and payments for travel to and from the events. Successful applicants must have experience up to Sous Chef level and above within event catering, hotels, banqueting, restaurant or a fresh food kitchen and experience within high a volume establishment would be preferred. As this position is based in an open plan kitchen you will be extremely clean and tidy, hygienic, friendly and personable as you will be meeting and serving people throughout your time working on these events. For more information please contact the team www.adkinscheurfi.co.uk Job Type: Temporary Salary: £12.00 /hour Experience: Chef: 3 years (Preferred)Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£12 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"669"	669	"Senior Child Care Assistant"	" We are looking to employ an enthusiastic experienced Part time senior Childcare Assistant to join our small, outstanding team in our Killingworth based nursery. Applicants musthave an NVQ Level 3 in Childcare or the equivalent- please note a Diploma in Health & Social care is not a full and relevant qualification. Applicants need to be available to work between 7.15am - 6.00pm Monday to Friday and be able to attend regular staff meetings and training courses outside these working hours. We are looking for someone with extensive knowledge of EYFS to work with children from 3mths - 5 years As an appointed key worker for a number of children you will be required to provide stimulating activities, carry out a range of observations, record keeping, and planning day to day activities as well as intimate care duties. We are looking for someone with experience of looking after babies.This would be the ideal role for someone looking for extra responsibility and a new challenge. To assist the Deputy/ Manager in the daily supervision of the nursery. To take responsibility for the safety, security and well-being of all children within the nursery. Ensure all Company Policies and Procedures are adhered to in the nursery at all times.To continue professional development through training opportunities offered and self-development.To take on full management responsibilities for the efficient running of the nursery in the absence of the manager, including liasing with external agencies.To have excellent communication skills with the management team, ensuring feedback is given and appropriate information is shared. Respond appropriately to issues requiring confidentiality.To work alongside other senior members of staff to help support the day to day running of the nursery.To ensure that all legal and registration requirements are met and make sure staff are effectively deployed throughout the nursery at all times.Because of the nature of this job and our commitment to keeping children safe from harm, it will be necessary for an Enhanced criminal record disclosure to be undertaken. We ensure that safeguarding is of paramount concern to all employees and as a business we adopt and adhere to safe recruitment practices. References and DBS will be required before the successful candidate starts employment with us. As well as the relevant qualification you must be able to meet the following criteria. If you can ‘eat’ playdough shaped food ; answer toy phones and drink virtual tea whilst sat at mini tables and chairs, if you can read a fairy tale from an upside-down book; and keep your place despite constant interruptions, If you can be a princess, a monster, Elsa from frozen or Spiderman and encourage little ones to do the same, If you can deliver an endless supply of warm hugs AND at the same time, count heads that are in perpetual motion, If you can shop on the way home and not be bothered about colourful stains on your clothes, If you can connect the names of children, parents, siblings, pets and soft toys to the right faces, If you want to feel loved, special, and important to many young children and their families, then we have the perfect job for you. Job Type: Part-time Experience: Child Care setting: 2 years (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	"Part-time"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"670"	670	"Consultant Clinical Psychologist"	"    We are one of the largest specialist mental health and learning disabilities trusts in the country, with an annual income of £320m and a workforce of some 6,700 staff operating from around 100 sites in Durham, Teesside, North Yorkshire and York and Selby. We provide a range inpatient and community services to 2m people living in County Durham, the Tees Valley, Scarborough, Whitby, Ryedale, Harrogate, Hambleton and Richmondshire. We also provide additional specialist services to other parts of Northern England.  We deliver our services by working in partnership with eight local authorities and clinical commissioning groups, a wide range of voluntary organisations, as well as service users, their carers and the public. The services are spread over a wide geographical area of around 3,600 square miles, which includes coastal, rural and industrial areas.  We are a multi-award winning trust and are included within the Health Service Journal’s Best 100 Places to Work. The trust take a positive and proactive approach to support staff in their personal development and has embedded the Talent Management approach within the Trust, with the vision of helping people to be as good as they can be, helping TEWV to do things better.    Following a review of inpatient psychological services, within Durham and Darlington, an opportunity has arisen to be part of a new model of leadership and psychological service provision. We are seeking to appoint a dynamic and motivated Consultant Psychologist to join adult mental health acute services in Durham and Darlington. The new model of service delivery is subject to evaluation and the post holder must be flexible to change.   This post will offer the post holder the opportunity to develop both their clinical and leadership skills and be part of the locality's acute services leadership; whilst also offering input into the strategic direction across the wider services. You will be expected to have the necessary skills and experience to undertake direct clinical work, consult on highly complex cases, offer multi-disciplinary supervision, lead on service evaluation, as well as manage the demands of service development and change.   The post requires a high degree of professional autonomy and critical judgement providing highly effective clinical leadership to acute inpatient services. The post holder will be expected to make links across acute care and broader services creating a climate of high expectations and collective commitment to delivering high quality, accessible psychological intervention.   Applied Psychology is highly valued within the Trust with good professional support. Strong links exist between the service and the local doctoral training course.   The Trust is a strongly value based, person centred organisation which has taken a strategic approach to continued service improvement, the modernisation of clinical roles and the use of care pathways embedded within a functioning system of governance.   For further details / informal visits contact:  For more information about these vacancies please contact: Dr Angela Prout, Consultant Clinical Psychologist on email: angela.prout@nhs.net or telephone 01325 552019    Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Foundation Trust is committed to the protection of staff, service users and visitors to the Trust from second hand smoke and currently operates a no smoking policy which ensures all buildings and grounds are smoke free.  We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from individuals who have experience of mental ill health or learning disabilities. Our service users and carers tell us our staff should be consistently concerned with maintaining and improving care with pride, empathy and compassion.  This job advert may close as soon as sufficient suitable applications have been received. If interested please apply for this post as soon as possible  Your submitted application will be imported into our preferred Third party recruitment system. All subsequent information regarding your application will be generated from apps.trac.jobs. You will not be able to track the progress of your application or receive messages via the NHS Jobs website and therefore, as an employer, we will not be able to respond to any e-mails sent to us via the NHS Jobs website. By applying for this post you are agreeing to Tees Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Foundation Trust transferring the information within this application to its preferred applicant management system. If you are offered a job, information will also be transferred into the NHS Electronic Staff Records system  Please note that if the post you are applying for requires a DBS check, you will be required to also subscribe to the DBS Update Service, if successful, and thereafter renew your subscription each year. The Trust will reimburse the subscription fee.  Tier 2 Visa Applicants - From April 2017, Tier 2 visa applicants and their adult dependants will be required to provide a criminal record certificate from each country they have lived in consecutively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. The requirement has been designed to strengthen the safeguards against individuals with a criminal history who are seeking to come into the UK.   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"671"	671	"Support Worker"	" We are looking for passionate and motivated support workers to join an award winning company supporting vulnerable people across the city of Sunderland for full time permanent vacancies. You will need to have previous experience of supporting people with a range of needs, including learning difficulties and challenging behaviours and there may be some personal care involved. Shift patterns will range from day shifts, waking nights and sleepovers and you will be expected to work some weekends and bank holidays and both 32 and 37 hour contracts are available. Pay starts at £9.02 and hour and increases after a period of 12 weeks to between £9.92 and £12.00 dependant upon shifts. Call Suzie on 0191 499 9965 for further information. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £9.02 to £12.00 /hour Experience: support work: 1 year (Required)Licence: NVQ2 or higher (Preferred) transferable DBS (Preferred) "	"Sunderland"	"Contract"	"£9.02 - £12.00 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"672"	672	"CNC Punch Press"	"   Westray Recruitment Consultants is looking to appoint an experienced CNC Punch Operative for our client based in the South Tyneside area. This role is to work in a brand new facility with a secure stable order book. Candidates must have experience setting an operating a CNC Punch Press and have experience changing and sharpening tools. This role will commence on day shift during initial training and then will transfer to a permanent night shift.    WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING IN YOUR ROLE?  Setting and operating a CNC Punch Press Loading and unloading components to the punch press Machine setting Changing and sharpening tools Ensuring production deadlines are achieved Abiding by H&S standards  WHAT EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS ARE REQUIRED FOR THIS POSITION? Must be experienced setting and operating a CNC Punch Press Must be experienced sharpening and changing tools Must have experience working within a fabrication environment Must have an eye for quality and be motivated to achieve deadlines Must be able to work as a lone worker  WHAT ARE THE FINER DETAILS OF YOUR ROLE? This is a temp to perm role commencing initially day shift (Monday – Thursday 07:30am – 4:30pm) and following a short period of training, transferring to a night shift only role working Monday – Thursday 9pm – 7am.    WHAT SALARY PACKAGE YOU WILL BE RECEIVING  This position pays £13.86 per hour for night shift work. The role comes with readily available overtime paid at the enhanced rate of time & ½. This position is also weekly paid    FANCY A CHAT?  Please apply for this position and your CV will go directly to our Engineering Manager Tony Hutchinson who is leading the search. Alternatively, if you have any questions, please get in touch with Tony on 0191 492 6622 or via email at thutchinson@westray.co.uk  "	"Hebburn"	"Temporary"	"£13.86 an hour"	-1.511892	54.977584
"673"	673	"Cover Supervisor"	"  Cover Supervisors required in Durham and the surrounding areas!Do you have experience working with children aged 11-18? Interested in developing a career in teaching? We may have the perfect opportunity for you! The Education Network is looking for Cover Supervisors of all levels of experience to work in Secondary Schools across the North East. Our clients near you need your help to mitigate the effects of teacher sickness and absence on children's education. We therefore require professional, flexible behaviour managers with a passion to work with children to provide them with long-term and short-term classroom cover.Local work, Guaranteed Pay Scheme (earn up to £325 per week) The demand is greater than ever due to ever decreasing school budgets and ever increasing absence. This means there's a great chance we can keep your work local to you whilst being flexible around your availability. As long as you have a minimum of 2 days availability we would consider you for one of our Guaranteed Pay Schemes subject to satisfactory experience, references & flexibility. We currently have schemes of 2-5 days in every Local Authority. This will guarantee you a weekly gross pay of between £130-£325 per week. All we ask is that you:  Have experience of working with Secondary aged children  Have a valid DBS certificate or can apply for one  Have at least two referees (including at least one child-based reference)  Are passionate about education and are passionate about helping our North East children to reach their full potential!  Working with us When you're with The Education Network, you are not just a number, we will support you by finding work for you that fits around your lifestyle and commitments and treat you like a member of our family. If the role of Cover Supervisor sounds interesting to you, please get in touch. I am reachable on 0191 2323 780 or by email at michaella.cowell@ednetwork.co.uk The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance + standards. Any appointment will be subject to stringent checks including referencing and an enhanced DBS check. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy.  "	"Stanley"	"Temporary"	"£60 - £65 a day"	114.2159129	22.2143908
"674"	674	"Joiner - Newcastle - Gateshead"	" Bee Construction are recruiting on behalf of an interior fit out contractor who are working near Gateshead. We require a team of two joiners (ideally from a shopfitting background) to build tin stud walls and to be built up of MDF and filled in. There is free parking within 5 minutes of the site. For the right 2 people, there is 20 weeks worth of work. To be considered, you must provide 2 site references for your work, have a valid CSCS Card, own tools. The rate of pay for this particular role is £15 per hour and we can pay CIS or direct through your own limited company. If you are immediately available from Monday, please call Rich @ Bee Construction on 0121 7690767. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £15.00 /hour Experience: Joinery: 5 years (Required)Licence: CSCS (Construction Skills Certification Scheme) (Required)"	"Gateshead "	NA	"£15 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"675"	675	"SEN Teaching Assistant"	" Specialist Teaching Assistant in Special Educational Needs and Disabilities (SEND)  TeachSolve are currently looking for Teaching Assistants with SEND experience to join our team in the North East. We are looking for TA’s to start work in September with a range of pupils with complex needs, learning difficulties and PMLD. What we need from you: Experience of working with children and young people with PMLD, MLD, Autism and challenging behaviour. Ability to communicate effectively with pupils, colleagues and parents. Experience of working with small groups or on a 1:1 basis Experience with TeamTeach would be an advantage What we can offer: Short term or long term positions to match your preferences Excellent pay rates paid weekly! Support throughout your placement Access to free CPD such as TeamTeach, Autism Awareness and Moving and Handling qualifications. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment. An enhanced criminal records check is required for this post. If you are interested then please give us a call on 0800 014 2713, we look forward to hearing from you! Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: £60.00 to £85.00 /day "	"Durham"	"Part-time"	"£60 - £85 a day"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"676"	676	"Support and Reablement Workers"	" We are currently recruiting for Support Workers to join our Community Teams supporting vulnerable people across the City of Sunderland. The Reablement at Home Service and Telecare Service are both responsive teams who visit customers in their own homes who may require care following a period in hospital or a decline in their wellbeing. We will visit for a time limited period and assist to set goals to promote independence and confidence. The Telecare Service will also respond if the customer presses an alarm for support. The services operate a set rota. This is for a 32 hour a week position and full driving license is required along with use of own vehicle. NVQ2 or higher in health and social care and a transferrable DBS would be an advantage. Please call 0191 499 9965 during office hours for further information. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £9.02 to £9.92 /hour Experience: support work: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: UK driving (Preferred) NVQ 2 or higher (Preferred) "	"Sunderland"	"Contract"	"£9.02 - £9.92 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"677"	677	"Cook"	"35 hours per week, including weekends £8.81 per hour We are currently looking to recruit a Cook at Picktree Court Care Home in Chester-Le-Street. Picktree Court Care Home caters for 65 older persons requiring residential care on the ground floor and first floor with a further 27 beds on the second floor providing nursing care, all provided to an exceptionally high standard. In March 2018 Picktree Court Care Home was rated Outstanding by the Care Quality Commission. You will be responsible for preparing and cooking a balanced, nutritious diet within a controlled hygienic environment, meeting residents dietary requirements as necessary. Responsibilities: working with raw ingredients, required knowledge of food/nutrition, to prepare and cook nutritional food from fresh to a high standard at agreed meal times from set menus. Ensuring rotation of foodstuffs, ordering fresh food and other food, monitoring and recording temperature checks. As Cook you will lead the catering team to provide nutritious and enticing meals for the residents in our care. You will be responsible for ensuring meal times are an enjoyable part of the day, involving residents in preparing and developing menus. The successful candidate must be able to work using their own initiative without supervision over a 7 day rota. An excellent knowledge of food hygiene and food preparation is essential, along with a positive attitude and desire to deliver the best possible service to the residents in our care. Experience of supervising or leading a team is desirable. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. To apply, please call or email to request an application form."	"Chester-le-Street"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"678"	678	"Night Care Assistant"	" Package Description Competitive package About The Role An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Night Care Assistant to join the team at: Garden Hill Care Home Location: Garden Hill Care Home 32 St Michaels Avenue South Shields Tyne & Wear NE33 3AN £8.25 - £8.65 per hour depending on qualifications Whatever your background, whether you are experienced in your field or seeking to start a career within care, we’d love to hear from you. You'll be instrumental in helping our Residents to live full, happy and healthy lives, by delivering front-line care, support and companionship. We recognise that being a Carer is one of the toughest but most rewarding jobs, so in order to support you, we provide all the training and qualifications you'll need for the role through our comprehensive regional and local training programmes, which we encourage all our team to access, with the support and guidance to develop your career with us. If you hold NVQ level qualifications in Health & Social care you can also benefit from higher pay increments. About You Our ideal Night Health Care Assistant / Carer will have the following skills and values: Caring nature. Strong communication skills. Ability to work as part of a team and individually. Flexibility and be able to adapt to the needs of Residents. Benefits In return for this you will receive a competitive salary package plus: 5.6 weeks annual leave Fully funded training Development opportunities SimplyHealth cover after one year of service, inc. cashback on medical and dental expenses Discounted Spa breaks PerkBox - a range of discounts and free monthly offers for a variety of high street shops and restaurants Cycle to Work scheme NEST pension plan Nurse and Care referral scheme Rewards for 5, 10, 15, 20 and 25 years of service Annual staff recognition - MMCG Care Awards About Us  About Us  Care is at the heart of what we do here at Maria Mallaband Care Group. We're an established family-run care provider, and we deliver care to over 3,500 residents across our 80+ care homes nationwide.  Our mission is to be the best quality; most highly regarded Care Provider in the United Kingdom and our vision is to create a home from home environment for both residents and staff.  We are committed to being an Investors in People employer, which means that we continually invest in your personal training and development. MMCG is a place where your career truly starts to grow.  All applicants will be subject to satisfactory references and all employees are checked against the Disclosure & Barring Service (DBS).  For further information about the role, call our recruitment line any time on 0808 163 9199.  You can find out more about life at MMCG on Facebook and Twitter:  www.facebook.com/mariamallabandjobs  www.twitter.com/mmcgjobs  Please be aware this vacancy may close earlier than the advertised closing date if sufficient applications have been received. "	"South Shields "	NA	"£8.25 - £8.65 an hour"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
"679"	679	"Team Teach Trained Teaching Assistant"	"One of our lovely partnership primary schools in Winlaton is currently seeking an enthusiastic, resilient and hardworking Team Teach Trained Teaching Assistant to join them on a full-time basis until the summer, though the role may run on into the new academic year. The school are looking for a specialist Teaching Assistant who will be able to provide 1:1 tailored support for a Reception child who has behavioural difficulties. The successful candidate therefore MUST hold an up-to-date Team Teach qualification (or equivalent e.g. Moving and Handling) as they will frequently be required to intervene in the child's physical disruptive behaviours. This is a lovely, supportive school where the staff work together as a strong team to ensure that children are given the best possible chance to succeed, making this an excellent opportunity to enhance your CV and experience. Successful candidates MUST:Hold an up-to-date Team Teach qualification or equivalent Have recent and relevant experience as a Teaching Assistant in UK primary/SEN schools Possess excellent behaviour management skills and the ability to build strong professional rapports with children and staff Have a full understanding of safeguarding procedures and the responsibilities of a Teaching Assistant  If you think that you could be suitable for the role of Team Teach Trained Teaching Assistant , then please apply to this advert for an informal chat about the registration process. If you have not heard form us within 3 working days, then your application to the role has been unsuccessful.The Education Network Offer: Our specialist team have a combined experience of over 25 years and have unrivalled reputation within the education market, taking great pride in the extremely high service levels that we provide to both our schools and our candidates. Our service is honest and efficient and, in addition to our recruitment solution, we offer the opportunity for additional training and development for our candidates. You will also receive personalised career support from the team. The opportunity to work in friendly, caring and supportive atmosphere where every child matters. Highly supportive, committed and hard working Consultants who will endeavor to find assignments suited to your needs. An opportunity to extend your professional development as well as excellent rates of pay. The Education Network is committed to safe guarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. Appointments will be subject to our stringent vetting procedures, including enhanced DBS checks and references.- The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance standards. Any appointment will be subject to an enhanced DBS check in addition to other safeguarding checks. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. Due to the expected high-volume of applications we receive only short-listed candidates will be contacted within 3 days."	"Winlaton"	"Temporary"	"£55 - £70 a day"	-1.7260494	54.9509317
"680"	680	"Senior Recruitment Consultant-Education"	" The Clear Recruitment Group are working with a Newcastle based education agency who are looking to employ a senior consultant to grow an established team. About the role You will be responsible for: - Desk Performance-temp and perm Maintaining company standards Candidate generation-job boards, social media etc Candidate clearance-interviews and sending references Supporting Trainee Consultants Reporting to Team Manager They are not a KPI driven but have created a 'fun' environment, professional and inclusive. Package and benefits £25,000 to £35,000 per annum depending on experience with an excellent commission structure up to 20% of billings. Benefits include bonus structure depending on performance, free parking, free business mobile, team events, external training optional, free gym membership Ideal candidate An experienced billing Education Recruitment Consultant, although Recruitment Consultants from other industries are welcome to apply A decisive decision maker who can take responsibility Ambitious, self-motivated and driven to surpass targets A People person with a strong sales ability and high customer service Applications Once you have submitted your CV one of our team will give you a call to discuss your application in more detail. If you do not have an up to date CV or would like to discuss the role in more detail, please call us on 01543 226 130 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent Salary: £25,000.00 to £35,000.00 /year Experience: recruitment: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Commission, Permanent"	"£25,000 - £35,000 a year"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"681"	681	"Commercial vehicle sprayer & preparation"	"Car / commercial vehicle spray painter x 1 & a preparer x 1. Must be experienced but not necessarily time served but must to be able to work on their own without supervision. We work in the main, on tractor units, large box vehicles, bin wagons, skip wagons, hook loaders, drop siders, tippers, cement lorries, cab / chassis units, Luton vans, cars & vans etc that is why an experienced people are required. We work on new vehicles straight from the factory, accident damaged ones to ones requiring refurbishment. 40 hour week, usually some overtime if a quick turn around is needed by client. 8.00 am to 5 pm. Suitable applicant will be given a trail period, to see the quality of their work and work ethic. We need someone who can hit the ground running as we have a lot of orders to be fulfilled. £10 - £15 per hour to start depending on experience. We are at Elswick East Terrace, based next to Newcastle College, George St Ind Est at the Newcastle end of the Redheugh Bridge. Please if you have NO experience of spray painting or prepping do NOT apply and we will only acknowledge suitable candidates. If you have NO experience, like working in shop, in a warehouse, ex bricklayer etc will not do and you're just wasting ours & your time."	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"682"	682	"Senior Care Assistant"	" Package Description Competitive package About The Role An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Care Assistant to join the team at: Location: Astor Care Complex, Lamb Street, East Cramlington, NE23 6XP Experienced senior care required with at least 12 months relevant experience. To work 12 hours shifts over a 7 day rota period Reporting to the Care Manager, the successful Senior Care Assistant candidate will be responsible for supervising a team of Carers and will be dedicated to contributing towards the continuous high quality of care given to our residents. About You Our ideal Senior Care Assistant will have the following skills and values: Caring nature. Strong communication skills. Ability to work as part of a team and individually. Flexibility and be able to adapt to the needs of Residents. Ideally a holder of an NVQ L3 in Health and Social Care, or at least should have an NVQ L2, along with a willingness to work towards NVQ L3. Benefits In return for this you will receive a competitive salary package plus: 5.6 weeks annual leave Fully funded training Development opportunities SimplyHealth cover after one year of service, inc. cashback on medical and dental expenses Discounted Spa breaks PerkBox - a range of discounts and free monthly offers for a variety of high street shops and restaurants Cycle to Work scheme NEST pension plan Nurse and Care referral scheme Rewards for 5, 10, 15, 20 and 25 years of service Annual staff recognition - MMCG Care Awards About Us  About Us  Care is at the heart of what we do here at Maria Mallaband Care Group. We're an established family-run care provider, and we deliver care to over 3,500 residents across our 80+ care homes nationwide.  Our mission is to be the best quality; most highly regarded Care Provider in the United Kingdom and our vision is to create a home from home environment for both residents and staff.  We are committed to being an Investors in People employer, which means that we continually invest in your personal training and development. MMCG is a place where your career truly starts to grow.  All applicants will be subject to satisfactory references and all employees are checked against the Disclosure & Barring Service (DBS).  For further information about the role, call our recruitment line any time on 0808 163 9199.  You can find out more about life at MMCG on Facebook and Twitter:  www.facebook.com/mariamallabandjobs  www.twitter.com/mmcgjobs  Please be aware this vacancy may close earlier than the advertised closing date if sufficient applications have been received. "	"Cramlington "	NA	"£8.85 an hour"	-1.5932099	55.0902319
"683"	683	"Fabricator Welder"	"Fabricator / Welder - Durham MGF are currently seeking to recruit an experienced Fabricator / Welder to join our depot in Durham. Working in our busy Workshop, you will be performing skilled fabricating work during the manufacture, modification and repair of heavy steel equipment. Your main activities include:Fabricating, welding and manufacturing of all types of MGF Shoring Equipment from instructions and the reading of engineering drawingsPerforming high quality repairs on heavy duty steel equipment Demonstrate continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times and streamline work processes Observe or monitor objects to determine compliance with prescribed operating or safety standards Visually inspect welding work to determine compliance with standards and current legislation Responsible for cleanliness and housekeeping within your area  The ideal candidateTwo years welding experience, preferably heavy steel including UC, RHS, and CHS Confident in manufacturing from technical drawings in accordance with BS EN 1090 execution class 2 Take full responsibility of individual workload and be able to prioritise Work independently whilst operating as a team member Be flexible and willing to work on a variety of assignments  In addition to a competitive wage you will also receive;Full time permanent work Immediate start Usual working hours Monday - Friday (working days) 40 hours guaranteed & opportunity for regular overtime Weekly paid Security of working for a well-established and growing Company extensive Health and Safety Training Opportunity for advancement  If you are an experienced Fabricator Welder with the required skills, and would like to work for a well-established company we are looking for individuals like you! MGF is a privately owned, independent Company which has been established for over 35 years. We are a market leader in the design, manufacture, hire and sale of excavation support systems for the civil engineering and building industries. To apply please submit your CV and wage expectations to Sue McCamley at: hr@mgf.ltd.uk or Sue McCamley at MGF Ltd, Grant House, Lockett Road, Ashton in Makerfield, Wigan, WN4 8DE. We aim to be an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all sections of society. All applicants will be treated in the strictest of confidence."	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"684"	684	"Primary Teaching Assistant"	"Protocol Education are currently recruiting for pro-active, understanding, empathetic and patient Teaching Assistants to work on day to day supply across Co.Durham with children that have behavioural and emotional difficulties. The ideal candidates will be passionate about working with children and determined to ensure each child's learning experience is as comfortable and positive as possible. We desire (Not Essential): Have recent classroom experience in the UK. Previous experience with SEN or SEMH difficulties Have strong behaviour management skills Have excellent communication skills as well as strong literacy and numeracy skills Eligible to work in the UK (must have valid visa) Recent classroom-based references and valid DBS on the Update Service or willing to apply for one. What we can offer you: Continuing Professional Development (CPD) Social events- from pub quizzes to our legendary Thames boat party for you to meet with other Protocol Education candidates and consultants. A better work-life balance, Flexible hours to suit you Competitive daily rates Refer a Teacher £250 bonus scheme If you feel you have the qualities and experience that Protocol are looking for, please reply to this add or send your updated CV and register online on www.protocol-education.com Protocol Education is a Supply Agency offering both long terms and short terms roles in Early Years, Primary, Secondary and Special Needs (SEND) Education. We undertake safeguarding checks on all our workers in accordance with the DfE statutory guidance Keeping Children Safe in Education'. As part of these checks, we require a current Enhanced DBS Disclosure for everyone working in schools. If you do not have a valid subscription to the DBS Update Service, we will require you to complete a new DBS application as part of the registration process, at a cost of £44.00."	"Durham"	NA	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"685"	685	"Mandarin Speaking Materials Controller"	" Our client is currently looking for a Mandarin Speaking Materials Controller to join their team on a 12 month fixed term contract. The role will involve communicating with suppliers in Mandarin, both written and verbally, to manage suppliers and shipping lines to ensure goods are received on time. The successful applicant will ideally be available to start in Summer 2019. Main duties will include:  Source/negotiate with existing and alternative suppliers Supplier relationship management Maintaining and updating weekly reports. Planning, placing and controlling purchase orders. Forecast/place purchase orders in accordance with material requirements Expediting and rescheduling orders Control material stock levels Maintenance and development of ERP system Liaise with internal departments regarding product approval/changes Skills, knowledge & experience:  Fluent in Mandarin, both written and verbally Previous experience within a buyer/planning role is desired Previous exposure to an engineering / manufacturing environment would be beneficial Experience of working with MRP/ERP systems Highly Competent of working with MS Excel Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £20,000.00 to £26,000.00 /year "	"Washington"	"Contract"	"£20,000 - £26,000 a year"	-77.0365625	38.8950092
"686"	686	"Building Surveyor - Insurance"	" I am working with a national consultancy who are looking to recruit a Building Surveyor to join their growing Newcastle office. They work in the residential sector working with both private and public clients, working on a variety of projects including subsidence, fire & impact damage, flooding and gas explosions. They offer a range of services to their clients including civil & structural engineering, building surveying and quantity surveying. The building surveyor coming in will be responsible for managing instructions from start to finish. Day to day duties will include: Pre & Post contract administration Carrying out professional surveys Managing existing and building new client relationships Assessing and designing buildings to meet the needs of clients Determining the condition of buildings Delivering building consultancy advice Party wall matters Providing clients with cost advice The ideal candidate will have up to four years’ experience in Building Surveying and be familiar with the residential market. You will ideally hold a degree in Building Surveying and it is essential you have the drive & determination to manage your own workload and meet client’s needs. You will have the opportunity to be mentored by a senior surveyor in order to achieve your APC. There will be regular site visits across the UK which means there is a degree of flexibility required for this role. The opportunity for the candidate coming in is to be part of a well-established consultancy who have a clear future strategy in place. They are looking to diversify their portfolio of clients by offering their skills and services to the commercial sector. You will be joining a small office who have solid work ethic in place by working together as a committed team. You will be encouraged to develop and progress your career through the company and you will be rewarded with a competitive salary along with additional benefits such as bonus, pension and car allowance. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Experience: Building Surveying: 5 years (Preferred)"	"Boldon Colliery"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.4652557	54.9501682
"687"	687	"Housing Support Worker"	" Our client in Gateshead is looking to recruit experienced Housing Support Workers to provide housing related support to people with disabilities to enable them to maintain their tenancies and to achieve their aspirations for independent living. The duties will be determined by the individual needs of the users being supported. The context in which support is provided may vary according to the users’ living environment and may include site-based support, housing management and support, housing management only or floating support only. This role is on a 6-months contract (to be reviewed thereafter) Previous experience of working with people who have support needs (This may include care of family members, voluntary work or paid employment) is desired Key tasks Identify users’ individual support needs and, through consultation and agreement with the user (and, where appropriate, their Care Manager), devise and implement suitable support plans to ensure that identified support needs are met. Encourage and support tenants to live as fully and independently as possible within the local community, providing information, emotional, organisational and practical support and training as appropriate. To carry out risk assessments as and when necessary due to the changing needs and aspirations of users. Ensure compliance with Supporting People standards and Ability policies and procedures. Organise and provide appropriate support for tenants preparing to move-on to greater independence, including support through the move and resettlement into their new home. Contribute to the protection of service users from abuse, and support service users when they are distressed. Monitor non-payment of rent and take action in line with the agreed policy and procedure on arrears. Provide debt counselling where appropriate. Participate in the assessment and selection of tenants ensuring that good practice and equality of opportunity is followed. Ensure tenants understand their tenancy agreement, their rights and obligations, and report any breaches to Team Leader/Service Manager Monitor the provision of housing services (heating, cleaning, provision of furniture, etc.), where applicable. Liaise, consult with and actively support tenants meetings, encouraging participation in decision-making processes Mandatory compliance requirements:  Up to date CV highlighting your experience Proof of ID (birth certificate, work permit, passport, residence permit)  Contactable references (past/present/recent employer/ character reference) covering the past 2 years GCSE Grade C or above (Maths and English)- certificates required Enhanced DBS issued within the last 36 months or available on the update service To apply for this job please send your CV to Nozil at LSS or alternatively contact 0747 066 7986 / 0191 303 8317 At LSS we offer our candidates the following :  A team with public sector/trades/built environment/construction recruitment experience Access to a wide selection of vacancies across the UK The choice of PAYE or Limited company schemes Weekly payroll service Excellent rates of pay Live Staffing Solutions ( LSS ) is a specialist recruiter of Trades/Built Environment/Construction and related Public Sector Jobs. To view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit our web page: www.L-ss.co.uk Job Type: Full-time Salary: £11.64 /hour Experience: working with people who have support needs: 1 year (Preferred)Licence: GCSE Garde C or above ( Maths and English) (Preferred) DBS Certificate ( issued within the last 36 months) (Preferred) "	"Gateshead "	NA	"£11.64 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"688"	688	"EYFS Teaching Assistant"	" Vision for Education is seeking to appoint an Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) Teaching Assistant (TA) to join our successful supply teaching team and to work in a local primary school in Newcastle, Tyne and Wear. This is a part-time primary teaching assistant role working 3 mornings per week from 08:30-11:30, covering a Nursery class which will commence as soon as possible until the end of the academic year. The roleThe desired Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) Teaching Assistant (TA) will be working in a Nursery class, with a wide range of ability levels as well as a number of SEND pupils. This role would be suitable for level 3 or above Teaching Assistants, but the school would ideally like someone who has recently worked within Early Years Foundation Stage (EYPS). The schoolThis is a larger than average school which has high standards and expects the best provision for the children under its care. RequirementsTo be considered for the position of Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) Teaching Assistant role, you will: Hold a level 3 or above qualification. Have experience working in primary education. Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of the Early Years Foundation Stage department. Have a passion for working alongside and with a class teacher. Vision for Education is committed to Safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS Check that must be registered to the Update Service.About Vision for EducationVision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global.What Vision for Education offerAs a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated primary consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to applyIf you are a qualified Teaching Assistant who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract, Permanent Salary: £55.26 to £64.40 /day Experience: Teaching: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Part-time, Temporary, Contract, Permanent"	"£55.26 - £64.40 a day"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"689"	689	"HGV Driver/Labourer"	" A contract to run until 11th August 2019 working for Newcastle City Council as a Driver/Labourer (please note you must be available to work overtime) Please ensure you have your CPC and Tachograph card. To be able to put you forward for this role, we would need to register you - our office is based in Stockton. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £10.33 /hour Licence: Tachograph (Preferred) CPC (Driver Certificate of Professional Competence) (Preferred) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£10.33 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"690"	690	"Telehandler Driver"	"Kalcrest are looking for a Telehandler Driver for work in Durham DH1 starting 20/05/2019. Duties will include operating machinery and assisting on site in down time on a new build commercial site. Applicant must hold a valid CPCS card. £14ph. For more info please apply online or call Kalcrest’s Rotherham office."	"Durham "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"691"	691	"Shuttering Joiner"	" Thorn Baker are looking for Shuttering Joiners to start on a project in Newcastle Duties include;  Work to drawings Erect formwork and false work for concrete structures (columns, walls, decks etc) Install box-outs for doors, windows etc. as per specifications Work with engineers to mark levels for concrete pours Work with the banks man/ crane to place formwork/ false work in position Ensure structures are plumb after concrete is placed Removing formwork/ false work after concrete has cured Candidates must have a valid CSCS card and two commercial relevant References Start Date: 27th May Rate of Pay: £17.00 - £18.00 Duration: Duration of the job Please Call Adam on 01132 444 111for more information. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £17.00 to £18.00 /hour Experience: Joinery: 5 years (Required)Licence: CSCS (Construction Skills Certification Scheme) (Required)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£17 - £18 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"692"	692	"Experienced Window Fitter"	"Looking to recruit enthusiastic experienced Window Fitters! We are the number one UPVC window and door company, looking to expand and grow further.The right candidate should have; Previous experience in UPVC doors and windows installations - minimum 3 years A fenestration MTC card or at least the credentials to pass for one Own tools - van provided Maintaining good communication between team members and customers. Have a ‘can do’ attitude. Ability to pay attention to detail and decision making skills. Self motivated. Call 07393 235 657 to discuss! WINDOW FITTER/JOINER/WINDOW INSTALLER/DOOR FITTER This is a self - employed role with high earning potential Required Education, Skills and Qualifications MTC"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"693"	693	"Electrical Team Leader"	" Electrical Team Leader Location: South Tyneside, NE34 Pay Rate: £15.36ph Contract: Temporary Start Date: Immediately Hours: TBC Compliance:  - Job Description:  Electrical team leader required immediately for a temporary contract. To apply, please send in your CV. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary Salary: £15.30 to £15.36 /hour Experience: Electrical: 3 years (Preferred)Location: South Tyneside, Tyne and Wear (Preferred)Licence: CSCS (Construction Skills Certification Scheme) (Preferred) Driving License (Preferred) "	"South Tyneside"	"Temporary"	"£15.30 - £15.36 an hour"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"694"	694	"Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant"	" Vision for Education is looking to appoint a Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in the Blyth area. This is a full-time Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) role, which will commence in September 2019 and could run for the full academic year. The role Working as part of a dynamic and creative Key Stage 2 team, the Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) will focus on delivering small group interventions, some 1:1 support, whilst also providing general classroom support for a class of 28 children across Year 3 – Year 6. The school This larger than average primary school is looking for a committed and successful Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) to join their motivated team. The school has effective leadership, a positive and friendly ethos and the local community is highly supportive of the school. Requirements To be considered for the Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) position, you will: Hold a minimum of a Level 2 qualification in Childcare. Have experience of working as a Teaching Assistant in a Key Stage 2 environment. Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment. Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff. Ideally have experience delivering small group interventions and 1:1 support. Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service. About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global. What Vision for Education offer As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply If you are a qualified Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 0191 267 4555. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract, Permanent Salary: £55.26 to £59.87 /day "	"Ashington"	"Part-time, Temporary, Contract, Permanent"	"£55.26 - £59.87 a day"	-1.5708473	55.182294
"695"	695	"Articulated Dump Truck Driver"	" Optima Site Solutions currently require experienced Dumper Drivers for on-going work in the Durham area. Applicants must have a valid CPCS/NPORS and be able to provide a working reference. If available for an immediate start please call Luke on 0191 917 4740. Job Type: Contract "	"Durham"	"Contract"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"696"	696	"Support Worker/Carer"	" Castleview Group  We are quickly becoming one of the largest providers of Support Services in the Northeast  Due to winning a number of Support Services Contracts we are looking for Support Workers to work throughout Sunderland and surrounding areas.  Are you able to Support a range of clients varying in age and care requirements which can include mental health, learning disabilities, physical disabilities and clients with more complex clinical needs? As a Support Worker in this role duties will vary dependent on each client’s individual care plan. These may include personal care, assistance with moving and handling, support with community outings and medication administration. Why Work for Castleview Personal Recruitment Consultant Local office Excellent Pay Rates paid weekly Member of the month award Oncall service Contracted Hours Available Access E Learning and Practical Courses THE EXPERIENCE At least 6 months’ previous paid experience working in a support, care or nursing home in the UK within the last 2 years Medication Qualification NVQ 2 Or Above The right to live and work in the UK Referee contact details for your current place for all employments in the past 3 Years Experience of working with people that have acquired brain injuries, Adults with learning disabilities and mental health issues, severe autism, epilepsy and challenging behaviours Be of a compassionate Flexible, Reliable nature For an Informal Chat give us a call to discuss what we have available on 0191 4922422 RATES OF PAY:  £9.50 - £12.73 PER HOUR Full, part and adhoc contracts available. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £9.50 to £12.73 /hour Experience: Support Worker: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Sunderland"	"Temporary"	"£9.50 - £12.73 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"697"	697	"Small Animal Vet"	" Small Animal Vet required for a large group of practices based in the North East of England. They have almost 20 branches covering the area and a large hospital providing 24 hour veterinary care. They have a large team of vets and nurses on hand and have impressive facilities and equipment in place. They are keen to appoint an experience Small Animal Vet with good soft tissue surgical skills and the ability to work sole charge. The rota is 1:3 Saturday and 1:15 Sunday you will have share of the bank holiday rota (which is approx 1 per year). They are able to offer a great set of benefits including a sharesave initiative, pension, CPD allowance, fees paid and others. Salary will reflect level of experience and ability. For a confidential discussion about our opportunities call Ryan on 07519119233 or email a CV via the link below. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us on 02887658068. If you know someone else who may be interested, why not pass this advert on to them. If we successfully place someone, you've referred to us; we'll give you £200 in high street vouchers as a way of saying thank you. All applications will be treated in the STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £30,000.00 to £45,000.00 /year Experience: Veterinarian: 1 year (Preferred)"	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	"£30,000 - £45,000 a year"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"698"	698	"Senior Care Assistant"	" Senior Care required for busy dementia nursing home Must be flexible to cover days and nights Must be able to work extra shifts to cover holidays NVQ Level 3 preferred and Medication Training Must be caring and enthusiastic Come and join a good team and care for our residents Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £8.60 /hour Experience: supervisory: 1 year (Required) providing care: 2 years (Required) Licence: Driving License (Preferred) NVQ Level 2 Health & Social Care (Required) "	"Blyth "	"Permanent"	"£8.60 an hour"	-1.5018084	55.1241236
"699"	699	"HGV FITTER"	"  Reference 341851 Salary £11.50 - £15/hour Job Location - United Kingdom - England - North East England - Tyne and Wear - Gateshead  Job Type Permanent Posted 15 May 2019   HGV Fitter/Mechanics  We are recruiting for our client who currently requires an experienced, HGV diesel fitter or mechanic.  If you have a HGV licence, this will be an advantage.  The ideal candidate will be able to;  Carry out routine maintenance and repairs on heavy commercial vehicles to Vosa standard   Diagnose and rectify a variety of faults   Work within Health & Safety regulations   Have the ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines   Ability to actively seek solutions to problems   Good verbal communication skills   Excellent customer care skills   Flexibility to undertake a wide range of tasks     Contact information Keith Harrison    "	"Gateshead"	"Permanent"	"£11.50 - £15.00 an hour"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"700"	700	"Telehandler Driver"	" Kalcrest are looking for a Telehandler Driver for work in Durham DH1 starting 20/05/2019. Duties will include operating machinery and assisting on site in down time on a new build commercial site. Applicant must hold a valid CPCS card. £14ph. For more info please apply online or call Kalcrest’s Rotherham office. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £14.00 /hour Licence: CPCS (Required)"	"Durham"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£14 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"701"	701	"HGV Driver"	"  Job Reference: SUFFC1DULocation: Chester le Street Salary: £8.50-11.94 per hourHigher pay rate is achieved by: Working OvertimeContract Type: Temporary, Full time  The Best Connection are proud to be working with our client based in Birtley, who are a large well-established appliance store. Due to continued growth and commitment they are looking for a C1, 7.5T driver for on-going work with the possibility of a permanent role after successfully qualifying.  Mon - Fri with some weekend work when required - start times 7 am  £8.50 per hour with overtime being paid at time and a third.  ADDITIONAL BENEFITS & REQUIREMENTS 28 days Paid Annual Leave pro-rata for PAYE (inclusive of statutory holiday) CPC Driver Qualification Card Digi-Card Required Hourly rate as above (not age dependent) Licence - Category C1 Overtime Available Requirement to Understand Tachos Weekend Work   "	"Chester-le-Street "	NA	"£8.50 - £11.94 an hour"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"702"	702	"Care Assistant"	"   Are you looking to develop your career in care? Looking for a career change?  CRG Homecare is looking for enthusiastic, dedicated Care Assistants to join our homecare team in Newcastle (East).  As a Care Assistant you will be working as a companion to our service users performing tasks such as providing personal care, preparation of meals and light domestic duties. Within your role you will promote dignity, respect and choice and supporting the service users to continue to live in the comfort and security of their own homes.  What CRG Homecare can offer you? Weekly pay Free ‘Care Certificate’ training/induction Ongoing support to achieve your QCF2/3 Diploma Flexible working hours An uncapped £250 refer a friend scheme* Employee recognition scheme  What the role of a care assistant involves: To deliver care in line with the service users’ needs Administer medication Assist the service user with personal care (washing, bathing and assisting with toileting)  Prepare meals and other light domestic tasks  What you will need: You must have the right to work in the UK  Ability to work as part of a dedicated team Responsible and able to work unsupervised Reliable and punctual About CRG Homecare CRG Homecare provides domiciliary care, supported living and support services to adults, the elderly, children and young people, within the comfort and security of their own homes and within the community. CRG Homecare can provide basic personal care through to more intensive support covering ABI, learning disabilities, autism and mental health. These services range from drop-in services to full 24/7 support packages  You will be employed as a Care Worker for placements in Newcastle (East).  CRG is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications regardless of sex, age, race, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, religion and belief, pregnancy and maternity or disability.  This vacancy is based in the United Kingdom. CRG operate in the UK and can only process applications from candidates who are currently UK residents and eligible to work in the UK. Whilst we will endeavour to contact you following your response, due to the high volume of applications we regret that this cannot always be possible. If you have not had notification from us within 30 days please take your application as not being successful this time but we will keep your details on file for future opportunities.   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£8.25 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"703"	703	"Customer Service Administrator (On Call Rota)"	"   This is a chance for you to join one of the largest professional appliance repair companies in the UK. The business has grown significantly over the last few years and so this is a great time to join a growing organisation. They are now looking to appoint new Customer Service Administrators to work as part of their On Call Rota. The team is made up of positive and outgoing individuals who are all committed to providing excellent customer service and administration, sound like you? Interviews will be taking place ASAP and so swift applications are encouraged!   THE ROLE As Customer Service Administrator, you will work as part of a dynamic and engaged team reporting to the Compliance Team Manager. Administration will be the main part of your role, entailing a high volume of processing documents, however, you will also be responsible for providing outstanding customer service at all times.  Your responsibilities as a Customer Service Administrator will include: Providing administration support for a range of contracts Processing documents through the system and client portals, submitting for approval and payment Uploading documents on to the bespoke system Taking calls and email requests for jobs, ensuring customer service levels are maintained Adhering to client and company SLA’s at all times  YOUR EXPERIENCE To be successful as a Customer Service Administrator, you should match the following: Excellent administration skills Strong IT skills, particularly Microsoft Office including Excel and Word Experience of using CRM systems Confident working in a fast-paced environment Strong customer focus Excellent telephone manner Willing to work as part of an On Call Rota  THE RATE OF PAY You will receive an hourly pay rate of £8.21 an hour for the first six months, rising to £8.50 thereafter. Overtime is also available (paid at time and a half).    THE CONTRACT  This is a full-time, temporary to a permanent position. You will be made permanent after 12 weeks, following a successful probationary period. You will work 40 hours a week from 9.00am until 5.30pm Monday – Friday (shifts may be subject to change). You will also work as part of an on-call rota 1 in every 6 weeks, whereby additional payments will be made (£100 - £150). This will include weekend working (time will be given back during the week) and taking a company phone and laptop home on an evening. Once you’ve passed probation, you will receive 22 days’ annual leave a year (plus bank holidays) and this will increase every year up to a maximum of 25 days. You will also receive an additional day’s annual leave if you are not absent for a year. The business also operates other incentives to encourage teamwork and strength in performance.  TO APPLY The point of contact for this role is Katie Newton. You can email her directly at knewton@westray.co.uk or call her on 0191 4926622 if you have any questions regarding your application.  "	"Houghton le Spring"	"Temporary"	"£8.21 an hour"	-1.4699279	54.8406536
"704"	704	"Female Personal Care Assistant (HST/Cullercoats)"	" Cullercoats Female Personal Care Assistant £8.50 per hour  to provide support 7.30pm for 30 mins  I am looking to employ a Female Personal Care Assistant to care for my elderly mother in her home, to assist her to take her medication, change into nightwear and assist her into bed. The role is currently for a 30 minute call on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday, however this may increase and there will be additional hours available to cover other carers holidays or sickness. The role can be employed or self-employed and I am looking for someone who is honest, caring and reliable. An enhanced DBS will be requested. Job Type: Part-time Flexible Working Options Available: Part-time"	"Cullercoats"	"Part-time"	"£8.50 an hour"	-1.4269846	55.036335
"705"	705	"Shuttering Joiner"	" Activus Recruitment are currently looking to recruit a shuttering joiner for our client, who are a leading construction company, on one of their major projects in Durham. The ideal candidates will be CSCS/CPCS certified, have proven experience in the role, be fully competent and hard working. If you would like more information regarding this role please contact Lisa Campbell on 01383 324079 / 074946960812 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary "	"Durham "	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"706"	706	"Care Assistant"	"1 x day shift, 20 hours per week Hourly rate of pay £8.21 rising to £8.41 with NVQ2 We are currently looking to recruit a Care Assistant at Picktree Court Care Home. Picktree Court Care Home caters for 65 older persons requiring residential care on the ground floor and first floor with a further 27 beds on the second floor providing nursing care, all provided to an exceptionally high standard. In March 2018 Picktree Court Care Home was rated Outstanding by the Care Quality Commission. Applicants must be aged 18+ as will be providing personal care. You will provide nursing care, comfort, and companionship to the highest standards for elderly residents and be part of the Premier Care Homes Group. Previous care experience is desirable but not essential. Duties will include assisting with personal care for the elderly, helping with daily bathing, dressing, feeding, toileting and other care duties as required. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. To apply, please call or email to request an application form."	"Chester-le-Street"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"707"	707	"Palliative Home Carer"	" We are working with a well established care provider to recruit passionate and caring Palliative Care Assistants in the Newcastle and Gateshead areas. Providing care and support to a range of people in their own homes with various health needs associated with end of life care. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 6 months recent working experience of palliative care and hold a valid UK driving license with own transport. Ideally you will hold an NVQ2 or higher in health and social care and a transferable DBS would be an advantage although is not essential. This role is for female care assistants only due to the requirements of the placements and pay starts at £8.60 per hour, rising to £9.00 per hour after successful probationary period. Please contact Suzie during office hours on 01914999965 for further information. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: £8.60 to £9.00 /hour Experience: palliative: 1 year (Required)Licence: NVQ2 in health and social care (Required) UK driving licence (Required) "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Contract"	"£8.60 - £9.00 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"708"	708	"Health Care Assistant (HCA)"	" We currently have opportunities for Ward Healthcare Assistants to join our agency and to care for people in hospitals and Primary Care Centres including: Bishop Auckland Chester le Street Darlington Richardson Sedgefield Shottey Bridge Community University Hospital of Durham Weardale Community Hospital PLEASE NOTE: minimum of NVQ 2 (QCF) Qualification is required you also must be calm, supportive and truly wish to care for others. We offer: Flexible working hours, but you must be able to work Long days and weekends (12 ½ Shifts) Holiday pay Free initial and on-going training Opportunity to complete level 3 Diplomas in Health & Social Care (Adults) (QCF) Free Uniform About Us:  New Focus Health Care was set up with the vision to establish a service that would provide individuals with the specialist knowledge and advice needed to find care tailored to their needs. We now have a strong client base, working together with the NHS, local authorities, the private community, hospices and other care establishments. What defines us is the passion and desire of our staff to provide the best care possible. The company is constantly developing but never losing sight of its core principles, which remain at the forefront of the services it provides. Do you meet the following essential requirements? Have the right to work in the UK Able to work Long days and weekends as part of your working week. Able to undertake personal care and other caring responsibilities Good communication skills Pleasant approach with a kind, friendly disposition Do you want to work for a company that provides the following benefits? A strong support network Free comprehensive training Flexible hours of work A competitive salary and including holiday We are an equal opportunities employer. Successful candidates will be required to complete an enhanced DBS check. If you have the passion and desire to work as a Healthcare Assistant we want to hear from you! Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract Application QuestionsYou have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: Job Types: Part-time, Contract Location: Durham, Durham (Required)Flexible Working Options Available: Flexitime Part-time "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Contract"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"709"	709	"Year 1 (Key Stage 1) Teaching Assistant"	" Vision for Education is looking to appoint a Key Stage 1 Teaching Assistant (KS1 TA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in Gateshead. This is a fixed term Key Stage 1 Teaching Assistant (KS1 TA) role, which will commence in September 2019 and continue until July 2020.  The role  Working as part of a dynamic and creative Key Stage 1 team, the Key Stage 1 Teaching Assistant (KS1 TA) will focus on delivering phonics interventions to small groups, whilst also providing general classroom support for a class of 30 children.  The school  This good primary school is looking for a committed and successful practitioner to join their motivated Key Stage 1 team. They will be supported by an inspirational Headteacher, a strong leadership team and committed governors.  Requirements Hold a minimum of a Level 3 qualification in Childcare.Have experience of working as a Teaching Assistant in an Early Years (EYFS) environment.Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment.Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff.Have experience supporting primary education at Early Years (EYFS) Level.Ideally have experience delivering phonics intervention groups. Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service.  About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global.  What Vision for Education offer  As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system.Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria).Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period).Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to.FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350.Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks.£50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme.Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply  If you are a qualified Early Years Foundation Stage Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you.   Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 0191 267 4555. "	"Gateshead"	"Temporary"	"£350 a week"	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"710"	710	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	" Higher Level Teaching Assistant  South Tyneside £70 - £75 per day September 2019 – December 2019 Vision for Education is looking to appoint a part time Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in the South Tyneside area. This is a fixed term supply Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) role, which will commence in September 2019. The role Working as part of a dynamic and creative primary school team across both Key Stage 1 and Key Stage 2, the Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) will focus on delivering whole class support to multiple year groups, the successful Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) will also be expected to cover class PPA when and where needed. This role will include working across multiple year groups and working with both Key Stage 1 (KS1) and Key Stage 2 (KS2) classes, so the successful applicant must be confident across both Key Stages. Part time hours will include working 12:30 – 15:30 Monday to Friday. The school This average sized primary school is looking for a committed and successful Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) to join their motivated team. Within this primary school the curriculum is rightly focused on the development of pupils’ English and mathematical skills, which are then applied skilfully across other subjects in the curriculum. Requirements To be considered for the Higher Level Teaching Assistant (TA) position, you will: Hold a minimum of a Level 5 qualification in Childcare or relevant qualification Have experience of working as a Higher Level Teaching Assistant in Primary School environment Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment. Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff. Ideally have experience delivering one to one support. Ideally have expirenece of working with children with Special Educational Needs. Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service. About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global. What Vision for Education offer As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply If you are a qualified Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 0191 267 4555. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £70.00 to £75.00 /day "	"South Tyneside"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£70 - £75 a day"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"711"	711	"Arabic Speaking Advisor"	" Role: Customer Support Advisor- Arabic speaking Based: Newcastle Hours- Typical 35 hours per week shifts between Monday- Sunday (working between 6am-10pm) Salary: £8.24 per hour & benefits  My client is a leading provider in its niche field with a commercial global client base Due to expansion of business an additional role has been created to support the existing Customer Support Team. The successful applicant will be responsible for providing timely and effective first line support for a portfolio across the country, both in terms of resolving technical faults with the tills and helping end users work through problems & use the devices effectively. Additionally, the post holder would receive inbound telephone calls from customers, providing , assisting with enquiries and resolving disputes Personal attributes required:  Strong communication and inter-personal skills Enthusiastic team player Self-motivating, proactive and ambitious Key role requirements:  Fluent in written and spoken English & Arabic language Excellent customer service skills, especially telephone manner, and ability to effectively manage and resolve disputes Some technical knowledge of Windows operating systems and computer hardware Competent use of Microsoft Office software, particularly Excel and Outlook Highly organised, able to prioritise & manage own workload without supervision My client operates between 7:00am- 10:00pm in summer and 6:00am- 10:00pm in winter months- you would only be expected to work 1 or 2 early/ late shifts each week Job Type: Full-time Salary: £8.24 /hour Language: Arabic (Preferred)"	"Newcastle upon Tyne "	NA	"£8.24 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"712"	712	"HGV Class 1 Drivers Days /Nights"	"We are looking for a number of HGV Class 1 (C+E) drivers to work days and nights for a number of our clients based in and around the Gateshead, Newcastle, Cramlington, Durham areas. The work involved can be delivering from general haulage to pipe supplies to various destinations across the UK areas. You must have good geographical knowledge of the network and be flexible in your approach as you will be dealing with customers as well You must hold a valid C+E ;icence along with a Digicard and CPC and have no more than 6 points for insurance purposes and these include no DR, DD, IN endorsements. The work is Monday to Friday with days from 0500 hours to 0900 hours and for Nights from 1800 to 2300 starts. Rates of pay are from £10.00 to £12.00 per hour LTD Please call NOW on 07860 595501 or send over your current up to date CV and we will call you to discuss further and any other opportunities we have"	"Gateshead"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.6057003	54.9585535
"713"	713	"Sous Chefs"	" Position: Sous Chefs  Location: Sunderland & Durham areas  Hourly Rate: Competitive pay rates  Type: ongoing temporary opportunities   We are looking for experienced Sous Chefs, DBS Clearance not essential but definitely a benefit. We work with clients in many different surroundings from beautiful hotels to essential work within the Healthcare and education sectors so whatever your experience and background we would love for you to come and be a part of our team.   Must have:  Passion for delivering top quality food  Level 2 Food and Hygiene  Hard working, reliable, team player, flexible   Benefits:  Competitive pay rates  The benefit of working for many different clients  Gain on the job experience to build up your CV experiences "	"Sunderland"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.375053	54.9063791
"714"	714	"Senior Care Assistant"	"   Job Reference ID: HLG/000/051595 Home Name: Hallgarth Care HomeLocation: Durham, Durham, UK Weekly Hours: 38.5 daysSalary: £8.38 Posting Expiry Date: 10/06/2019  As a Senior Care Assistant you will support the running of the shift and show warmth and support to our residents and their families; helping to promote independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. So as a Senior Care Assistant what do you need to do to make this happen?Ensure the delivery of quality of care by continually assessing our residents needs and wishes Develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs Communicate professionally and warmly with visitors and family, and other health care professionals Promote high standards of care by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and shifts run in a smooth and efficient manner Promote the Home in a professional manner, by becoming actively involved in raising awareness of the Home within the local community     JOB REQUIREMENTS In order to achieve this our carers should have: A positive attitude and wholly adopt a person centered approach; showing compassion and a desire to make a difference. Show leadership qualities, and be willing to take ownership for the delivery of quality care. Our senior care assistants must hold a minimum of NVQ level 2 in Health and Social Care and have a legal right to work in the UK. It is essential to have the following: A minimum of 12mths experience of working in a health and social care setting Senior care/team leading experience Care Certificate or equivalent training covering care induction as defined by Skills for Care. Four Seasons Health Care provide a variety of competitive benefits, including a generous holiday allowance, a bespoke development programme, childcare vouchers and an employee discount scheme. Plus free parking and uniform where applicable. If you have the skills to succeed in this role and are committed to the provision of quality care please click on Apply now.  "	"Durham"	"Permanent"	"£8.38 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"715"	715	"SEND Teaching Assistant"	" JMR Recruitment are looking for highly experienced, well-motivated SEND Support Specialists and LSAs to work in SEND Schools in the Newcastle and North Tyneside. Our client’s schools cater for children with a wide variety of complex needs the school and require high quality support staff to see them through their development journey. We are looking for enthusiastic, dynamic and compassionate professionals to come on board and join their hard-working team on a long-term basis. You must be able to work using your own initiative and be able to think on your feet. If you require lots of direction and instructions on an ongoing basis then these roles are not for you. The standard of support already in these schools is outstanding and you must be able to work to the same standards. Required skills: - Have previous experience of working within SEND - You will need to be able to provide a level of personal care. - You must be committed to the development of both yourself and the pupils in your class. - Deliver outstanding support alongside a multi-disciplinary classroom team. - You will require the ability to ensure that your pupils fulfil their potential and that you are JMR Recruitment Ltd are strongly committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All candidates will be required to obtain an Enhanced Certificate of Disclosure from the DBS and consent for us to carry out a range of other recruitment checks Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Salary: £65.00 to £90.00 /day Experience: SEND Teaching Support: 1 year (Required)Licence: DBS Certificate (Required)"	"North Tyneside"	"Part-time, Temporary"	"£65 - £90 a day"	-1.50825599961419	55.02979945
"716"	716	"Groundworker/ 360/ Civils Operative"	"Ideal candidates will hold a CPCS Card, although not essential, will have operated excavators up to ten tonnes carrying out drainage, trench work and digging around live services, along with carrying out groundworks for housing associations. Experience with quick hitch is essential. Good time keeping and enthusiasm essential. Will be expected to work overtime as part of the working week and we also operate an on-call rota. Basic salary of £19k with earning potential, after overtime, in excess of £34k. Please note only successful applicants will be contacted. If you are looking for a challenging opportunity within a privately-owned drainage specialist company, with two strategically located depots, providing expertise on a 24/7/365 national basis please apply in writing with your current curriculum vitae to our HR Department using the following address; Unit A2 Leigh Trading Estate Norweb Way, Off Butts Street, Leigh WN7 3EQ. Alternatively, please forward your CV and a covering letter via email to vacancies@clearwayds.co.uk"	"Durham"	"Permanent"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"717"	717	"Residential Care Worker"	" The main responsibilities of a care worker will be to safely provide compassionate care and support that is centred on the individual needs. Showing respect to clients’ choices and promoting their dignity at all times. You may be the only person the client sees over a period of time therefore, it is essential to report any changes or causes for concern to your line manager promptly. You need to be clear about when to seek help and advice in order to keep customers safe and promote their well-being. You will be required to give non-discriminatory care and support that values the diverse and unique qualities of each customer. See the whole person and not merely a list of care needs. Skills and Qualities  Integrity Confidentiality Safeguarding Caring personality Able to manage own caseload Know when to seek help and advice Want to work in a care environment Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Salary: £8.21 to £9.21 /hour "	"Crook"	"Permanent"	"£8.21 - £9.21 an hour"	NA	NA
"718"	718	"Locum Consultant in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery"	"    County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust is a great place to work. We have a talented workforce of 7,000 colleagues, making us a major employer in the North East region. You would be joining the largest provider of integrated acute and community services across the North East.  We pride ourselves in offering employees a career, not just a job - in an innovative and forward thinking organisation!      Applications are invited for a Locum Consultant in Plastic Surgery to cover a vacancy following a creer break (12-months fixed term contract but with scope to extend a further year for the right candidate), based at the University Hospital of North Durham. Depending on the progress of the career break the post may be available for longer than 12 months or even result in a substantive vacancy.  The post comprises 10 programmed activities (PAs) and has an on-call commitment of 1:9. You will be joining a dynamic team of 8 other Surgeons, based at the University Hospital at Durham covering a broad spectrum of interests such as Skin oncology, Head and Neck cancer, Breast, Trunk and Lower limb reconstruction, Genito-urinary reconstruction and various aspects of Hand surgery & Microsurgery. A specialist interest and training in all aspects of skin cancer surgery is required.  The ability to work closely and flexibly with consultant colleagues and junior staff within the department is regarded as an essential quality for this appointment.  This post will be at the University Hospital of North Durham, which is one of three hospitals in the Trust providing services for County Durham and Darlington. In addition, outlying clinics provide a service to Gateshead, South Shields, Sunderland and Derwentside serving a total population of approximately 1.4 million.  The Hospital has two adult Plastic Surgery wards shared with Orthopaedic surgery, one allocated for elective screened admissions and one for unscreened trauma patients, as well as a separate short stay surgical facility and a paediatric ward with experienced staff. Nursing staff include a skin cancer Specialist Nurse and access to a team of Nurse practitioners carrying out preoperative assessment. The successful applicant will be proactive in assisting with development of the Plastic services within the Trust and can be influential in an ongoing review using research based new ideas.  The role will be demanding and the job plan may be variable to suit demand. The unit is based at The University of North Durham Hospital where the majority of surgery is carried out but clinics and operating sessions may include Darlington, Bishop Auckland, Sunderland, South Shields and Shotley Bridge Hospitals.  Applicants are required to be fully registered with the GMC, and to be on the Specialist register or within 6 months of doing so, at the time of interview. A relevant fellowship of at least 6 months duration is required. Applications from those wishing to work part-time or job share are welcomed.  The University hospital of North Durham was opened, newly equipped, in April 2001 and offers excellent support services. These include 10 operating theatres, MRI and CT, a fully digitalised PACs system and moving towards full electronic Hospital records, e-prescribing and PACS. The University Hospital is a teaching hospital with good postgraduate facilities including regular education sessions with other regional specialist units. The County Durham and Darlington Foundation Trust received the accolade of Trust of the Year in 2008.  Durham is a University City of historic interest and unspoilt geographical beauty. It contains two World Heritage sites and access to a third (Hadrian’s Wall) is only 30 minutes away. There are excellent local schools and shopping facilities with a varied nightlife available. It has excellent access to major roads, the A1(M) being close by, and rail links with train services from Durham to London, Edinburgh and across the Pennines. Two international airports at Newcastle and Durham Tees Valley are within 30 minutes’ drive.  Discussions/visits to the department would be encouraged, to arrange please contact Mr Paul Sugden, Clinical Lead on 0191 333 6991; Mr Jong Kim on 0191 333 7185, or Mr Paolo Longhi on 0191 333 7179. Application details and job description are available from the Medical Staffing Department, University Hospital of North Durham, Durham, DH1 5TW. Telephone 0191 3332561.  Please note this position requires a Disclosure Barring Service check (DBS)    Working on our Bank  We are committed to building our Trust bank and welcome applications from applicants seeking to work flexibly via the bank service. Our bank rates are some of the most competitive in the region and the advertised rates are inclusive of holiday pay. Charges for DBS Processing  External applicants who are offered a position where a DBS is required as part of the process will be asked to repay this cost on successful employment. For further information please contact the recruitment team.  Staff Privacy Notice  Applicants and current staff may view our staff Privacy Notice by clicking on the right hand link 'staff privacy notice'. This may also be found on the CDDFT website.  Vacancies Receiving Large Volumes of Applications  Where vacancies receive a large number of applications (in excess of 50), the vacancy may be closed prior to the published closing date.   Disclosure and Barring Service Check This post is subject to the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (Exceptions Order) 1975 and as such it will be necessary for a submission for Disclosure to be made to the Disclosure and Barring Service (formerly known as CRB) to check for any previous criminal convictions. Tier 2 Certificate of Sponsorship Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the Resident Labour Market Test. The UK Visas and Immigration department requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UK Visas and Immigration website. From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement. Guidance can be found here Criminal Records Checks For Overseas Applicants UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see applying from overseas.   To stay safe in your job search we recommend that you visit SAFERjobs (https://www.safer-jobs.com), a non-profit, joint industry and law enforcement organisation working to combat job scams. Visit the SAFERjobs website for information on common scams and to get free, expert advice for a safer job search.    "	"Durham"	"Temporary"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"719"	719	"Telehandler Driver"	" To apply for this vacancy please call Kurt Box or Kayleigh Harper on 01913741772. Overview Rough terrain telehandler Driver required to work on a busy construction site in the Newcastle area. Duties to include driving a rough terrain telehandler and assisting the trades. Experience Required Must hold a valid CPCS Card/NPORS and have relevant experience. This is a temporary position and Corepeople Recruitment Limited will be acting as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers to the hirer. By applying for this job you accept the T&Cs, Privacy Notice and Disclaimers which can be found at www.corepeople.com. Job Type: Temporary Salary: £16.00 to £17.00 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£16 - £17 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"720"	720	"CNC Turner Setter/Operator"	"   CNC Turner  The Role:  Set and operate CNC Machines to produce a range of components from a variety of raw materials including brass, stainless steel and aluminium.  Ensure that all components conform to the engineering drawings, and that all applicable policies and procedures are adhered to.  Key Responsibilities: Ensure that all processes are completed in accordance with all applicable Health and Safety and Environmental Policies, Risk Assessments and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s). Perform any setting / operating duties as requested on or within target times. Be able to read and edit existing CNC programmes to ensure quality and output is optimised. Monitor tooling for wear, adjust offsets or replace where necessary. Using a variety of measuring equipment ensure all inspection requirements are completed in line with Control Plan instructions. Identify and report non-conforming components ensuring the relevant SOP is followed. Accurately complete all system transactions related to your job role. Maintain and promote a high standard of housekeeping at all times. Perform any pre-shift and maintenance checks as dictated by the plant and equipment you are operating. Support all company initiatives to help improve Health and Safety, Quality, efficiency and individual performance.  Working on 3 control systems fanuc, mori seki and mazatrol.  Days and Nights be 7:30 -16:00 2 weeks days and 21:45 – 07:30 2 weeks  £13.88 per hour (30% shift allowance for night shift) over time is payed at time and half   "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"£13.88 - £20.82 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"721"	721	"Senior Care Assistant/Nights"	" Job Description:  MPS Care Group is a leading provider of nursing and residential care homes. Our homes provide comfortable, safe and homely environments for all of our residents. We are looking to recruit a Senior Care Assistant to join our highly trained and caring team, within a well-presented nursing home, situated in Stanley,Durham. Hours: nights, part time- 24hrs/week; 2x12hrs shifts, rota based Duties & Responsibilities:  This role involves the following duties & responsibilities Personal care for the residents including dressing, washing, bathing and using toilet facilities Assisting at meal times To make and change beds and tidy rooms. To maintain accurate notes and records and to handover information on shift change over To help in the promotion of mental and physical activities through talking to them, taking them out, sharing with them in activities such as reading, writing, hobbies, and recreations To answer emergency call bells in a timely manner The list of duties is not exhaustive, but outlines the main regular parts of the role. Other reasonable duties may be requested by home manager or senior members of staff. What We Are Looking For:  As this is a Senior role, experience in a Care Assistant role is required. Qualification in the safe handling of medication is essential. All applicants must be reliable and have strong communication skills. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure which the expense will be met by the applicant. If you already have an Enhanced Disclosure dated within the last 3 months this is transferable and there will be no need to pay for another. The Employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010. Benefits:  Working for MPS Care Group, as well as working as part of an experienced, friendly team, you can expect the following benefits Full in-house training programme, leading to obtaining the industry-recognised Care Certificate. Flexible working hours Free uniform Subsidised meals Workplace pension Progression Opportunities Appointment to this position will be subject to a successful DBS check and suitable references. If this sounds like the role for you, then please send your up to date CV as soon as possible, as a high volume of response is expected for this role. MPS Care Group is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees, free from discrimination and harassment. All aspects of employment including the decision to hire, promote, discipline, or discharge, are based on merit and business needs. MPS Care Group does not discriminate in employment based on age, disability, sex (including gender identity), race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy & maternity, or any other non-merit factors. Job Types: Part-time, Contract Experience: supervisory: 1 year (Preferred) providing care: 2 years (Preferred) Licence: NVQ Level 2 Health & Social Care (Preferred) safe handling of medication (Preferred) "	"Durham"	"Part-time, Contract"	NA	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"722"	722	"CNC Turner Setter/Operator"	" CNC Turner The Role: Set and operate CNC Machines to produce a range of components from a variety of raw materials including brass, stainless steel and aluminium. Ensure that all components conform to the engineering drawings, and that all applicable policies and procedures are adhered to. Key Responsibilities: Ensure that all processes are completed in accordance with all applicable Health and Safety and Environmental Policies, Risk Assessments and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s). Perform any setting / operating duties as requested on or within target times. Be able to read and edit existing CNC programmes to ensure quality and output is optimised. Monitor tooling for wear, adjust offsets or replace where necessary. Using a variety of measuring equipment ensure all inspection requirements are completed in line with Control Plan instructions. Identify and report non-conforming components ensuring the relevant SOP is followed. Accurately complete all system transactions related to your job role. Maintain and promote a high standard of housekeeping at all times. Perform any pre-shift and maintenance checks as dictated by the plant and equipment you are operating. Support all company initiatives to help improve Health and Safety, Quality, efficiency and individual performance. Working on 3 control systems fanuc, mori seki and mazatrol. Days and Nights be 7:30 -16:00 2 weeks days and 21:45 – 07:30 2 weeks. £13.88 per hour (30% shift allowance for night shift) over time is payed at time and half. Job Type: Full-time Salary: £13.88 to £20.82 /hour "	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	NA	"£13.88 - £20.82 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"723"	723	"Key Worker/Support Worker"	" Our client in Durham is looking to recruit experienced Key Workers for an immediate start. The post holders will be based in a multi-skilled team working with families who have experienced a range of factors including parental substance misuse, domestic abuse, poor parental mental health, crime and/or anti-social behaviour and worklessness. The successful candidates will be responsible for a caseload of families who are in need of early help and are facing multiple and complex needs. The post holders will carry out proportionate single whole family assessments, plan and deliver interventions, monitor and review outcomes to enable these families to make significant and sustainable changes that will impact positively upon themselves and their children. This role is on a 3 -months contract (to be reviewed thereafter) Duties & responsibilities: Acting as Lead Professional for children, young people and their families in need of early help facing a range of multiple and complex needs Balancing a caseload and ensuring that all assessments, plans, reviews and reports are carried out within One Point Operating Procedures Escalate complex and contentious care management issues so that positive and timely action can be taken to address risk and meet the need Co-ordinate the undertaking of proportionate whole family multi-agency single assessments in partnership with families and key partner organisations- Co-construct outcome focused family plans using solution focused, strength-based methods in partnership with children, young people and their families/carers within timescales Ensuring that accurate records are maintained in a timely way according to the procedure which reflects direct work with families and decision making Preparing and presenting reports where appropriate Working effectively and creatively with colleagues within the client and partner agencies from the statutory, voluntary and independent sector including Community Family hubs To participate in and adhere to the Safeguarding procedure as defined by the Local Children’s Safeguarding Boards Policy and Procedures Developing and delivering planned interventions with a clear focus on SMART outcomes in order to meet needs and improve outcomes for children, young people, their carers and families who are in need of support Chairing Team around the Family meetings and coordinate a single multi-agency response to families’ needs Work with the family and agencies to agree with shared ownership, responsibilities, and the sequencing coordination of the support available to deliver time-limited objectives The coordination of evidence-based parenting programmes and interventions Direct work with children and young people and to understand what life is like for them Provision of support and coordination of interventions to intervene to address issues such as domestic abuse, substance misuse and parenting support to mothers, fathers, children and young people Work with parents and families to develop the confidence to engage with services and other support from the statutory, voluntary and the independent sector Making and maintaining high quality and appropriate professional relationships with children and their families that enable positive change to take place Working with parents to enable them to identify, acknowledge and meet their own and their children’s needs, develop life skills, make and sustain effective change and reduce vulnerability Develop a range of approaches to engage and build an effective working relationship with parents and families Experience:  Recent and substantial experience of direct work with families in the community who have complex needs and who access support or safeguarding arrangements Experience of acting as a Lead Professional coordinating and delivering on specific plans Experience of operating in a multi-disciplinary environment Experience of delivering planned interventions using evidence-based practice leading to improved outcomes Experience of partnership working to achieve desired results Experience of responding effectively to safeguarding issues and concerns Experience of working with a range of professionals, external partner agencies and service providers Skills and knowledge:  Knowledge and understanding of early intervention and prevention, the Think family agenda and of safeguarding issues Up to date knowledge of either relevant Children's legislation, regulations and guidance -particularly in relation to services for children in need of early interventions or of legislation and practice relating to adults e.g. community care act, safeguarding adults, mental health act, mental capacity act  Knowledge of a wide range of services and resources provided in the statutory, voluntary and independent sectors Ability to engage and develop effective working relationships with adults, children and young people and other practitioners Inter-personal skills, able to work in an assertive but supportive manner and to work effectively as part of a team and in partnership with a wide range of external agencies Ability to work to deadlines and set and deliver targets Ability to undertake comprehensive needs and risk assessment; develop and implement effective care plans with service users Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing Ability to analyse and evaluate information Integrated multi-agency working processes and practices for safeguarding children, young people and vulnerable adults Understand information sharing, consent and confidentiality Understand a range of evidence-based programmes and interventions and to put theory into practice Mandatory compliance requirements:  Up to date CV highlighting your experience Proof of ID (birth certificate, work permit, passport, residence permit)  Contactable references (past/present/recent employer/ character reference) covering the past 2 years Enhanced DBS issued within the last 12 months or available on the update service- proof required  Professional qualification in a relevant field such as Health, Social Care, Education etc or degree qualification in a relevant subject is desirable To apply for this job please send your CV to Nozi at LSS or alternatively contact 0747 066 7986 / 0191 303 8317 At LSS we offer our candidates the following :  A team with public sector/trades/built environment/construction recruitment experience Access to a wide selection of vacancies across the UK The choice of PAYE or Limited company schemes Weekly payroll service Excellent rates of pay Live Staffing Solutions ( LSS ) is a specialist recruiter of Trades/Built Environment/Construction and related Public Sector Jobs. To view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit our web page: www.L-ss.co.uk Job Type: Full-time Salary: £9.74 /hour Experience: Children’s legislation and guidance- especially CIN: 1 year (Preferred) responding effectively to safeguarding issues and concerns: 1 year (Preferred) delivering planned interventions & prevention: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: Qualification in relavant field (social care/Education) (Preferred) DBS Certificate (issued within the last 12 months) (Preferred) "	"Durham "	NA	"£9.74 an hour"	-1.5758539	54.7764152
"724"	724	"Senior Care Assistant"	"   Location: Dene Street, Sunderland, SR3 1EB  Salary: £9.57 per hour.  Hours: Working 32 hours per week - 4 x 8 hour shifts.  Role is subject to a DBS check  As a Senior Care Assistant at Hope Bank View, you will supervise and participate in the delivery of care to the residents and will lead on the responsibility of all residents individual care documentation ensuring a person centred approach.  You will provide effective leadership for the care staff through supervision, support and mentoring in all aspects of care and be responsible for the administration of medication. You will work effectively with others within the home to ensure that resident’s needs are met   As part of this varied role, you'll also: Participate in the delivery of care to the residents to ensure that their physical, social, intellectual and emotional needs are met and ensuring dignity, choice, independence and respect Ensure that all aspects of the regulatory framework are met Consult with residents and the senior team to assist in developing individual care plans for residents. Work effectively with others within the home to ensure that resident’s needs are met. Support and work closely with families and friends offering them professional and emotional support, sensitive to individual need. Assist as directed, in the preparation, implementation, review and update of all residents care plans in line with their personal wishes and preferences in accordance with Abbeyfield policies. Perform such other duties as may reasonably be required To Click here to see a copy of the full job description To apply please send your CV and covering letter to j.riley@abbeyfield.com  "	"Sunderland "	NA	"£9.57 an hour"	-1.375053	54.9063791
"725"	725	"Early Years Teaching Assistant"	" Early Years Teaching Assistant South Tyneside September 2019 - December 2019 Vision for Education is looking to appoint a full time Early Years Teaching Assistant (TA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in the South Tyneside area. This is a fixed term supply Teaching Assistant (TA) role, which will commence in September 2019. The role Working as part of a dynamic and creative Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) team, the Early Years Teaching Assistant (TA) will focus on delivering whole class support in a Reception classroom. This role will include providing intervention-based support outside of the classroom with small groups of children. However, the role will mostly include whole calss support, to an average class of 29 pupils. The succesful applicant will ideally hold experience of supporting within a Reception class with knowledge of the Early Years cirriculum. This will be a full time role, working 08:30 - 15:30, Monday to Friday. The school This average sized primary school is looking for a committed and successful Early Years Teaching Assistant (TA) to join their motivated team. At this primary school pupils, including disadvantaged pupils and those who have special educational needs (SEN) and/or disabilities, make strong progress in reading, writing and mathematics. Requirements To be considered for the Early Years Teaching Assistant (TA) position, you will: Hold a minimum of a Level 3 qualification in Childcare. Have experience of working as a Teaching Assistant in an Early Years (EYFS) environment. Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment. Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff. Ideally have experience delivering one to one support. Ideally have expirenece of working with children with Special Educational Needs. Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service. About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global. What Vision for Education offer As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply If you are a qualified Teaching Assistant (TA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 0191 267 4555. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £55.26 to £60.00 /day Experience: Childcare: 2 years (Preferred)"	"South Tyneside"	"Temporary, Contract"	"£55.26 - £60.00 a day"	-1.44768054656454	54.96987425
"726"	726	"Early Years Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) - September 2019"	" Vision for Education is looking to appoint an Early Years Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in Hexham. This Key Stage 1 Teaching Assistant (KS1 TA) role, which will commence in September 2019, will consist of 3 full days a week. The role Working as part of a dynamic and creative Early Years (EYFS) team, the Early Years Teaching assistant (EYFS TA) will focus on delivering Literacy and Maths intervention with small groups, whilst also providing general classroom support for a class of 30 children. The school This average sized primary school is looking for a committed and successful Early Years Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) to join their motivated team. The school has a great atmosphere and children love coming to school. The local community is highly supportive of the school and parental involvement is very positive. Requirements To be considered for the Early Years Teaching Assistant (Early Years TA) position, you will: Hold a minimum of a Level 3 qualification in Childcare. Have experience of working as a Teaching Assistant in an Early Years (EYFS) environment. Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment. Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff. Have experience supporting children in primary education in Early Years (EYFS). Ideally have experience delivering Literacy and Maths interventions. Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service. About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global. What Vision for Education offer As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply If you are a qualified Teaching Assistant (TA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 01912674555. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £55.26 to £60.00 /day Experience: Childcare: 2 years (Preferred)"	"Hexham"	"Part-time, Temporary, Contract"	"£55.26 - £60.00 a day"	-2.1017927	54.971478
"727"	727	"Nursery (Early Years) Teaching Assistant"	" Vision for Education is looking to appoint an Early Years Foundation Stage Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in Chester-le-Street. This is a fixed term Early Years Foundation Stage Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) role, which will commence in as soon as possible until July 2019.   The role  Working as part of a dynamic and creative Early Years team, the Early Years Foundation Stage Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) will focus on working 1-1 with a child in Nursery, whilst also providing general classroom support for a class of 28 children.   The school  This outstanding primary school is looking for a committed and successful practitioner to join their motivated Early Years team. They will be supported by an inspirational Headteacher, a strong leadership team and committed governors.   Requirements Hold a minimum of a Level 3 qualification in Childcare.Have experience of working as a Teaching Assistant in an Early Years (EYFS) environment.Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment.Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff.Have experience supporting primary education at Early Years (EYFS) Level.Ideally have experience delivering phonics intervention groups.  Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service.  About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global.  What Vision for Education offer  As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive:  Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system.Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria).Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period).Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to.FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350.Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks.£50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme.Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support.  How to apply  If you are a qualified Early Years Foundation Stage Teaching Assistant (EYFS TA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you.   Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 0191 267 4555. "	"Chester-le-Street"	"Temporary"	"£350 a week"	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"728"	728	"360 excavator operator"	" 360 Operator required in Newcastle on Monday 20th May. Must have CPCS, Plant Medical, Full PPE and References backing up previous experience. To apply please call 0333 344 9891 Job Type: Temporary Salary: £15.50 to £16.00 /hour Licence: Plant Medical (Required) CPCS (Required) Flexible Working Options Available: Not offered"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Temporary"	"£15.50 - £16.00 an hour"	-1.6131572	54.9738474
"729"	729	"Care Assistant Nights"	"1 x night shift 22 or 33 hours per week Hourly rate of pay £8.21 rising to £8.41 with NVQ2 We are currently looking to recruit a Care Assistant at Picktree Court Care Home. Picktree Court Care Home caters for 65 older persons requiring residential care on the ground floor and first floor with a further 27 beds on the second floor providing nursing care, all provided to an exceptionally high standard. In March 2018 Picktree Court Care Home was rated Outstanding by the Care Quality Commission. Applicants must be aged 18+ as will be providing personal care. You will provide nursing care, comfort, and companionship to the highest standards for elderly residents and be part of the Premier Care Homes Group. Previous care experience is desirable but not essential. Duties will include assisting with personal care for the elderly, helping with daily bathing, dressing, feeding, toileting and other care duties as required. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. To apply, please call or email to request an application form."	"Chester-le-Street"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"730"	730	"Bank Care Assistant"	"Hourly rate of pay £8.21 rising to £8.41 with NVQ2 We are currently looking to recruit a Bank Care Assistant at Picktree Court Care Home. Picktree Court Care Home caters for 65 older persons requiring residential care on the ground floor and first floor with a further 27 beds on the second floor providing nursing care, all provided to an exceptionally high standard. In March 2018 Picktree Court Care Home was rated Outstanding by the Care Quality Commission. Applicants must be aged 18+ as will be providing personal care. You will provide nursing care, comfort, and companionship to the highest standards for elderly residents and be part of the Premier Care Homes Group. Previous care experience is desirable but not essential. Duties will include assisting with personal care for the elderly, helping with daily bathing, dressing, feeding, toileting and other care duties as required. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. To apply, please call or email to request an application form."	"Chester-le-Street"	"Part-time, Permanent"	NA	-1.5750431	54.8543237
"731"	731	"Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) - Sept 19"	" Vision for Education is looking to appoint a Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) to join our successful supply team and work in a local primary school in South Shields. This Key stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) role, which will commence in September 2019. The role Working as part of a dynamic and creative Key Stage 2 (KS2) team, the Key stage 2 Teaching assistant (KS2 TA) will focus on delivering 1 on 1 support where needed including maths and English interventions, whilst also providing general classroom support for a class of 33 children. The school This average sized primary school is looking for a committed and successful Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) to join their motivated team. The school has a great atmosphere and children love coming to school. The local community is highly supportive of the school and parental involvement is very positive. Requirements To be considered for the Key Stage 2 Teaching Assistant (KS2 TA) position, you will: Hold a minimum of a Level 2 qualification in Childcare. Have experience of working as a Teaching Assistant in a Key Stage 2 (KS2) environment. Be experienced in working with smaller nurture groups to boost attainment. Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of school staff. Have experience supporting children in primary education in Key Stage 2 (KS2). Ideally have experience delivering Literacy and Maths interventions. Vision for Education is committed to safeguarding children and young people. We take our responsibilities extremely seriously. All staff we register will undertake thorough interviewing and referencing checks and hold, or be prepared to undergo, an Enhanced DBS check that must be registered on the Update Service. About Vision for Education  Vision for Education is a market-leading education recruitment and supply agency committed to the learning and development of young people. We are an employer of choice for high-quality primary, secondary and SEND teaching and support staff. We have branches across the country, and we are part of the world-renowned education company TES Global. What Vision for Education offer As a valued employee of Vision for Education, you will receive: Excellent daily rates paid weekly by our in-house payroll team using the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system. Guaranteed pay scheme (subject to availability and qualifying criteria). Pension contributions (subject to a qualifying period). Full compliance with AWR (Agency Workers’ Regulations), to make sure you get the pay and working conditions you are entitled to. FREE training to help with your professional development such as Team Teach, Autism Awareness and an online Educare training package worth £350. Regular social events with 100% complimentary food and drinks. £50 refer a friend or colleague bonus scheme. Access to a dedicated consultant, who will provide ongoing support. How to apply If you are a qualified Teaching Assistant (TA) who can enthuse, motivate and engage students and would like the challenge of working in a demanding and rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today via this website, or for more information about this role and other opportunities across Vision for Education, please contact our Newcastle primary team on 01912674555. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract Salary: £55.26 to £60.00 /day Experience: Teaching: 1 year (Preferred)"	"South Shields"	"Part-time, Temporary, Contract"	"£55.26 - £60.00 a day"	-1.4321848	54.9987414
